Winter Story
Winter Story
By Aubrienne
Oh it is winter, and Christmas is getting nearer and nearer! The
                soft crystal-like snowflakes are beginning to fall down like
                powdered sugar. Speaking of powdered sugar, I could really go
                for a powdered sugar donut. Oh sorry, I forgot to introduce
                myself. My name is Miri, I am a bit shy, and my favorite season
                is winter. Over the course of these past weeks I’ve been feeling
                a bit down. Every day I see my friends with their partners going
                on dates, and their partners spoiling them. Me? Well I’m just
                stuck home sobbing over some romance movie, while eating a tub
                of ice cream. Seeing them makes me wish that I have a partner of
                my own.
Although those thoughts have been shaking my mind, this isn’t
                the time to be sobbing. It is the month of December, which is
                the month of Christmas. I want to spend my holidays happily with
                family and friends. Now, I wonder if Gâterie sucrée has any new
                sweets. It’s a French bakery/café, and the name translates to
                ‘sweet treats.’ I got ready to head out into the dark night of
                snow. As I started walking across the streets to make my way to
                Gâterie sucrée, I came across an abnormally cute cat.
The cat was strangely colored, because it had all white fur
                besides the tips of its ears and tail which were colored red! I
                have never seen a cat with red fur before, am I seeing things!?
                But not only that, because the cat had a green colored nose too!
                Don’t get me wrong, the cat was adorable, and I pet it, it just
                looked exotic! After the cat walked away, I headed inside the
                café and there was a cute baristo taking my order. He kept
                giving me looks, but I didn’t know if he was just being
                nice…or something more. It didn’t take long until my order was
                ready, but once the baristo handed me my order, he offered me
                chocolate bon bons that were free to taste.
I accepted the bon bons and they were delicious. He asked me if
                I liked it, and I told him that I didn’t like them…I loved them!
                The cute baristo chuckled, and told me his name, which was
                Arron. I didn’t expect him to tell me his name, but now I felt
                like I needed to tell him mine, so I did. Before I left the
                café, he asked me for my number, which I did give to him. We
                waved goodbye to each other, which felt like an eternity because
                the moment was just too special to me. As I walked home I saw
                something run into the alleyway that looked like an animal
                entirely of snow. As I looked into that alleyway, I saw that
                same red-tipped little fur ball from earlier!
I went to go pet the cat, but that little gremlin ran away
                before I even got near it! I reluctantly went home, thinking
                about how that cute baristo, Arron, asked me for my number. I
                thought all about that magical moment ALL night! The next
                morning, as I was casually doing errands, Arron called me. He
                asked me if I wanted to go ice skating with him, and of course I
                said yes! He told me that we would be ice skating this Thursday.
                All week I have been thinking about ice skating with Arron, my
                mind just keeps coming back to that.
Whenever I am with my friends, they ask me what’s on my mind.
                All I tell them is that I’m going ice skating, because I am not
                telling them the part where I am ice skating with a boy. If I
                told them that, they would be on top of me, and asking me
                thousands of questions. After several long days, Thursday
                finally came, and I quickly got dressed to meet Arron at the
                skating rink. It was 7:30 in the evening as snow was trickling
                down, and Arron waved me a hello. As I skated towards him, he
                took my hand and we started skating together. I felt so alive
                and free like a bird.
As we skated, I caught a glimpse of the tail of a cat walking by
                outside of the rink. I looked closer and saw the same cat from
                before, the cat that is strangely colored. I abruptly stopped me
                and Arron’s skating to follow the cat. As I chased the cat,
                Arron quickly followed behind me. The cat took us to an
                alleyway, and the alleyway had a door that was floating by
                magic. I couldn’t believe my eyes, but me and Arron followed the
                cat inside the door, which took us to…Santa’s workshop? We were
                inside a workshop, where there were elves working on toys.
On the top level of the workshop Santa Claus stood there, and he
                greeted us with a warm smile. I guess the cat wanted us to
                follow it this entire time, so that we could meet Santa Claus.
                Once we greeted him, he led us upstairs to see how all of the
                toys were made. Me and Arron were in awe at watching the elves
                build the toys, and seeing the reindeer rest in their stables.
                Then Stanta Claus told us how two jobs needed to be filled in,
                since the two elves that those jobs belonged to weren’t able to
                complete them. He said that those elves were stuck on the way to
                coming to the north pole due to a delay. Santa wanted me and
                Arron to fill in those jobs.
Me and Arron were bewildered as we looked into each other’s
                eyes, but we ended up agreeing. We both took up the jobs, and
                worked our butts off to help build the toys together. Once we
                finally finished, as an appreciation gift, Santa took us on a
                ride in his sleigh. It was a magical and amazing experience, and
                best of all, Arron was holding my hand the whole way! After the
                ride, we waved Santa goodbye, and went back to the skating rink.
We skated some more until I had to go home. Arron took me home
                but before he left me at my door, he kissed my cheek as a
                goodbye. I was speechless, and just headed inside. I got ready
                for bed, and started screaming in my pillow just thinking about
                tonight. My screaming cut short though, as I heard a familiar
                voice saying “Ho, ho, ho!,” in the distance. I guess I wasn’t
                the only one who had an amazing night tonight.