Winter Story
Winter Story
by Ana
Hi I’m Ana and I live a pretty normal life. I live in a town that one could say is like a Hallmark Christmas movie. They are all obsessed with Christmas here. I mean I am too but the past two years were hard to love Christmas without my cousin Will, he may be six years  older than me but it never felt like we were like siblings. But then he went to the Marine Corps. and everything changed. He never got to call and was barely allowed to write me letters so I haven't talked to him in almost a year. I really want him home for Christmas but it’s fine.
Today we decorated my house for Christmas. It's always so fun but takes sooo long because my mom wants to win the contest every year which we have for as long as I can remember but this year it is kinda simple but we will probably still win.
Next week is our Christmas cookie day we bake cookies and give them to our local homeless shelter. It’s a yearly tradition in our family and it used to be mine and Will’s favorite day of the year. We always have it on Christmas Eve.
Today is Cookie day the whole family came to my house; well everyone except aunt Christna she was at her house making Christmas dinner, we started at 7:00 am.
Once we finally finished we went and handed them out. The shelter was always busy on Christmas Eve—people bundling up in coats, volunteers carrying boxes, and the smell of hot cocoa drifting out whenever the door opened.
Inside, the director, Mrs. Hammond, greeted us with her usual bright smile. “Ana! Your family always brings the best cookies.”
I forced a smile back. “Thanks. We made extra this year.”
We set everything on the long tables, arranging them into neat rows: snowmen sugar cookies, ginger snaps, chocolate peppermint ones, and my favorite—Will’s favorite too—peanut butter blossoms with the chocolate kiss in the middle. I stared at those a little longer than I meant to.
Mom noticed. “He’ll be proud you kept the tradition going,” she whispered.
I nodded but didn’t trust myself to talk.
People began to come through the line, each offering a thank you or a smile. It felt good to help; it always did. But I kept thinking how this day should feel fuller, louder, like it used to with Will joking around or sneaking extra cookies into his pockets.
Around noon, when the trays were mostly empty, we started packing up. Snow had begun drifting down outside, tiny flakes catching in my hair as we walked to the car.
“That was a good Cookie Day,” my dad said as he loaded the tins into the trunk.
“Yeah,” I said softly. “It was.”
But I didn’t feel the usual spark of Christmas Eve excitement. Something felt…unfinished.
When we got home my little brother, Max, was racing around with his remote-control car while the adults talked about plans for tomorrow. Christmas Day was always loud and chaotic, but this year the house felt a bit quieter, like it was missing a voice.
I escaped upstairs to my room, flopped onto my bed, and stared at the ceiling decorated with glow-in-the-dark snowflakes I’d stuck up when I was eight Will had helped because I was too short then.
I reached for the shoebox under my bed. The one with all of Will’s letters. Some were short, some longer, but every single one had something funny in it—he always tried to make me laugh even when I knew he was exhausted.
I pulled out the one I’d read at least twenty times. “Cookie Day better be epic this year. Eat one peanut butter blossom for me.”
“I ate like five,” I muttered to myself.
A sudden knock on my bedroom door made me jump.
“Ana?” Mom poked her head in. “Dinner’s almost ready. And could you come downstairs to help me.”
“Ok” I asked.
She just smiled a strange smile and disappeared.
Confused, I set the letter back in the box and headed downstairs. Voices floated from the living room—familiar ones, but ones that shouldn’t be here.
When I reached the bottom step, I froze.
Standing there, in front of our twinkling Christmas tree, still in uniform and holding a duffel bag, was Will.
He looked older somehow, a bit tired, but the second he saw me his whole face lit up.
“Ana.”
I didn’t even think. I sprinted across the room and threw my arms around him.
“You’re home!” I said, my voice cracking. “I can’t believe it—you’re actually home!”
He laughed, squeezing me back. “Surprise. I got leave approved two weeks ago, but Aunt Christina planned this whole dramatic entrance.”
I pulled back to look at him. “You didn’t tell me. I thought— I thought I wasn’t going to see you until spring.”
“I wanted it to be special,” he said. “And maybe make Cookie Day a little better this year.”
I punched his arm lightly. “We already did Cookie Day! You missed it!”
“Well then,” he said with a grin, “we’ll have our own Cookie Day tonight.”
And we did. The whole family crowded into the kitchen again—not for a big project like earlier, but just a fun, messy bonus round because Will was home.
He put on his old Christmas playlist and danced terribly while mixing batter. Max kept stealing chocolate chips. Mom pretended to be annoyed but couldn’t stop smiling. Even Dad broke out the Santa apron he hadn't worn since the last year Will was here.
When we sat at the table to eat the first batch—still warm, still falling apart a little—I watched everyone laughing, frosting on their fingers, flour in their hair, and for the first time in two years, it felt like Christmas again.
“So,” Will said, picking up a peanut butter blossom. “Did you save one of these for me?”
“I saved like twelve,” I said proudly.
He smirked. “Good. Because I plan on eating all twelve.”
I laughed, leaning back in my chair and feeling lighter than I had in a long time. “I’m really glad you’re home,” I said softly.
“Me too,” he said. “There was no way I was missing Christmas again.”
Outside, snow kept falling, covering the town in a soft white blanket. The lights on our house glowed warmly through the windows. Everything looked exactly like the cozy Hallmark-movie town people always joked about—but this time, it actually felt perfect.
Not because of the decorations. Not because of the contest. Not because of the cookies.
But because Will was here.
Because this year, finally, our Christmas was whole again.