A winter story – By Benjamin Coca
A winter story
By Benjamin Coca
Annie was having the same nightmare she had every time she rested. She was in a hospital with white cold walls. She was walking into the morgue and on the table in the center of the room she saw a body bag. She unzipped it and after seeing what was inside she screamed. When Annie woke up in the morning she saw small specks of snow fall from outside the car window. “Oh hey Annie, good to see that you're awake” said her friend Mary who was driving.
“We’re almost at the cabin, we just need to wait at least 5 minutes” she said while looking at the gps on his phone. Annie and her friend were heading to a cabin in the forest to spend Christmas together to try cheer her up after… She stared out the window to try and distract herself from her thoughts watching a green truck carrying Christmas trees driving by. They finally made it to the cabin which was in an isolated forest. The cabin was quite large, made up of dark brown logs, the windows were all covered up by bright white curtains and the door was a bright red, the only bright pop of color on the outside of the house.
“They got their stuff and went into the house which was already decorated with Christmas decorations like a tree full of colorful ornaments and lights. So how do you like the place, Annie? Said Mary, who was unpacking her things. “I think it's nice,” said Annie “I think we're gonna have a lot of fun celebrating Christmas here” Mary said with a bright smile. “Cmon, we can finish packing later”. That day they had a lot of fun talking, dancing, doing karaoke and playing some board games they found in a closet. But despite the fun night she had, the nightmare returned to her in her sleep.
She was back in hospital, but something had changed. Instead of the body bag an all white figure was standing in the center of the room. It looked like someone wearing one of those green screen bodysuits. It had no face, but she could still feel like it was watching her. She went up to touch it, when she suddenly woke up. Her sudden awakening had scared Mary who had just gotten back from the bathroom. “Annie are you alright ?!” Mary said with a voice filled with concern.
Annie said she was ok, but Mary could still tell she was startled by her dream. “Was it the nightmare again Annie, the one about…” she paused, but continued her sentence. “The one about your sister” she asked and Annie looked away. “It’s okay” Mary said and gave Annie a hug consoling her friend. The next day Annie was tired since she wasn’t able to go back to sleep. But she hid it from her friend who she didn’t want to be concerned about her. They all went outside to the snow where the entire area was engulfed in a cold frost.
They started to sled and Annie had begun to forget all about her dream. But when it started to get late and they started to go back inside Annie saw something strange hidden within the tree. It was the strange all white figure from her dream, he blended into the snow, but she could still still his outline and she could feel him watching her. But when she blinked the figure was gone like he was a fading memory.
They were back in the cabin playing a board game together, but Annie wasn’t really paying attention, still thinking about the white figure. That is when suddenly the lights went out. “Are you serious!?” said Mary as she flipped the light switch on and off trying to turn on the lights. “Ok so, the renter told me that if this happened all we had to do was go to the basement and find the fuse box. They went to open the basement door trying to unlock the door. But the door needed a key so they decided to search the cabin for the basement key.
Annie was in the bedroom checking the drawers when she heard a bloodcurdling scream. She heard Mary screaming, but then the sound stopped and she began to hear a loud snapping sound like ice breaking apart or like bones snapping. She was horrified when she started hearing something walking up the stairs towards the room. She locked the bedroom door and as she was thinking about what she was going to do, someone started to bang on the doors. So she opened one of the windows to make it look like she jumped out and hid inside the bedroom closet.
She hid inside the closet and held her breath. She was horrified to see the all white figure from her dream open the door. But now he wasn’t all white because now his all white body was stained with red blood. But it didn’t fall for her trick and it knew almost instantly where she had hidden. It opened the closet door and grabbed her slamming her into the wall and causing a mirror to fall onto the floor and shatter.
The creature started to choke her, but she grabbed a broken shard of glass and stabbed it into what looked like the monster’s head causing it to jerk back in pain and let her go. She ran out the room trying to think of a way to escape this living nightmare she was trapped in. She was horrified to find what had remained of her friend when she was downstairs. Mary's body was mangled and her appendages were ripped apart. But she had no time to process this as she saw the figure standing at the stairs waiting to strike.
She had to run out the house as the creature chased her, following her into the cold snowy forest. Annie was lost; she didn’t know where she or the creature was. It could be hiding anywhere blending into the snow. That is when she saw red bloody footprints appear and realized that the creature had found her. She was cornered and she had nowhere to run. This time she wouldn’t be able to wake up.