Winter Story
Winter Story
by Author
As Christmas was coming soon, the snow outside was falling heavily as the Swirlings were in their cozy home, preparing for their annual Christmas dinner with the Xings. Jena and her little brother Bob were helping her aunt and uncle in the kitchen by assisting and cooking delicious treats. In the dining room, Jena’s dad along with her husband Jamon helped set up the table.
Everything is going well with people chatting, Christmas carols being played in the background, and the jolly Christmas vibe was in the air. All until a sudden BANG can be heard from the kitchen along with Bob’s screams. The dad rushed to check what happened, and the whole kitchen was in complete distress.
A bowl of mashed potatoes spilled on the floor, one of the windows got slightly cracked from something, batter smeared the walls and food ALL over the counter and the floor. Everyone was a mess as the aunt and uncle ran around frantically trying to calm Bob down while the whole kitchen was in chaos.
”What happened? Everything seemed fine just minutes ago!” Jamon asked, trying to help Jena’s aunt get up after she slipped on some butter. “It WAS fine! Until Bob saw a roach, he got scared, and spilled the mashed potatoes EVERYWHERE! Auntie tried to kill it with her slipper but missed and cracked the window, the roach scurried and uncle got scared by the roach. Now everyone was all over the place! Great! How are we supposed to clean this up now?” Jena muttered, trying to wipe away some batter on the wall using a paper towel
The dad sighs and glances at the clock; “5:28”. ‘Crap. The Xings are gonna arrive in almost half an hour and they still have to fix THIS mess AND get the table ready.’ He gives Jena a reassuring pat on the shoulder. “Don’t worry. We’ll help you clean up” The dad says reassuringly. “Wait what? But we haven’t finished decora-” Jamon was suddenly cut off by the empty bowl of what was once filled with a bowl of cake batter being put into his hands and a spatula. Mumbling he headed towards the sink to wash the bowl clean. “But dad, you still have to set up the table and do other things. Don’t you?” Jena asks. The dad simply smiles and says “That can wait. Right now we have bigger fish to fry.”
Once everything was properly cleaned, with hard work and effort, everything was back in order and the family finished their tasks. Finally 6pm rolled around. A faint knocking can be heard at the front door, signaling the arrival of the Xings.The Swirlings welcomed them with open arms and on display was mouth watering food and a cozy atmosphere. They had a nice dinner and a lovely Christmas to celebrate.