The Snowbound Howler
The Snowbound Howler
By the Author
The Snowbound Howler
“Where did the legend begin?” Asked the boy, sitting on his grandma’s lap. “It’s not a legend dear, that’s only what your parents tell you, to not scare you.” Long, long ago, the people in Northpine Haven were afraid of the forest during winter. There was a monster in there called the Snowhowler, it had long white fur, sharp teeth, and eyes the color of fire. The monster was rumored to attack on sight, and showed no mercy. “Man that does sound scary” said the boy “ But how did the monster get here” “I’m not sure sweetie.”.
“I Know!” Aria said, arm shooting up. “ Yes Aria” The teacher called, clearly irritated “ is the answer D ?!,’ ‘ Yes it is” replied the teacher, sighing as if she lost a battle. “RING RING” The bell went off, it was now time for lunch. Aria skipped down to lunch, swinging her ponytail back and fourth, she was now in 7th grade, but you could see the glitter on her clothes, she was becoming too old for it, but she swore that she would never stop loving colorful, glittery things.
She saw her friend and shouted “ Hold on guy’s wait for me!” Then she crashed into someone, and heard a boy say “ Watch where you’re going!” It was a boy in her English class, whose name was Rowan, very annoying.
“ You’re the one that made me fall! Watch where you’re going!” said Aria. “ Oh, My Gosh, Don’t you ever stop yelling, you’re always so loud, and honestly, it is too early to hear your mouth.” Rowan. Replied, fed up with her.
“ You know what…” But Aria was cut off by her Friend “ Leave her alone Rowan, you’re just mad because you don’t have half the personality she has, let’s go Aria.” They both headed to lunch, but aria was kinda hurt by his words, was she really a loud mouth, did she yell, or say to much, she didn’t know, but she tried not to let it affect her.
After school she went home and started her homework. It was a long day though so she end up falling asleep. She woke up to it being “ 11;00!!” She exclaimed, and she started rushing through her homework, but then she felt a cool breeze hit the back of her neck, so she turned around realizing the window was cracked open. Her window faced the forest , so she often admired the trees, especially the evergreens. So she got up and went to close the window, but all of a sudden, she saw a blanket of snow, it was beautiful, the winter was her favorite time of year. But she saw something else, a shadow lurking through the forest. It startled her and she slammed the window shut.
She did her homework, went to bed and tried to forget about it, but in the morning she still remember what she saw. She told her parents, and they said “ Honey don’t worry about it, it probably was just a dream.” Like all parents say, and when she told her friends they all said, “ That’s crazy, but maybe you were just tired.” I mean she already knew she was dramatic but come on, she wasn’t crazy. But only one person secretly believed her. It was Rowan.
She didn’t believe it herself either, but Rowan had pulled her into a corner behind the school and said “ I believe you, I saw that thing too, its fur was left on my window.” “ Wait really, everyone today has been calling me crazy today,” “ I mean well you are, but that’s beside the point” Aria gave him a scowl, but this time he was joking.
They both came up with a plan for that night. Put on your coat, hats, and gloves, sneak out the window, and head for the forest. Simple right? Wrong, things couldn’t have possibly gone more wrong. The first part went right, putting on the coats, and shoes, and hats, and gloves. It was going to blizzard , so they had to be prepared.
Then the second part of the plan, sneaking out. It wasn’t too hard for Rowan, he had things after school, so after a while his parents didn’t question anymore when he left. On the other hand Aria had no after school activities, and her parents, to put it lightly, are overprotective.
“Where do you think you’re going?” Said her mother, cutting sharply through air “Umm I’m just going to that… thing! After school, you remember right?” Honestly she just hoped that one worked. Her mother was very forgetful , and usually when she said that, it jogged her memory, but this time her mother had nothing to remember.
“I’m not sure honey, I really don’t remember their being a ‘thing’ today” “Ugh come on mom, you have to remember.” At this point she was just lying through the teeth, but what else could she do?
“Do NOT, hold that tone with me. Young . Lady . Am I understood.” “Yes mom” “Ok so you can go to whatever thing it’s is you have to go to, but when you get home me and, your father will discuss your punishment.” “Bu— “ “Not buts, now get out of here before I change my mind.” “Ok”, she said with defeat in her eyes.
Aria marched out the door, and headed to the forest. She met Rowan by the first tree of the forest. “Ok, I know where to find this thing, I heard that the monster really likes small things, like bunny rabbits, or tiny creatures, things like elf’s. So I brought a decoy.” “What kind of decoy?” Then Roan smiled dangerously and pulled something out from behind his back. Aria screamed at him. But then he just started laughing.
“ Why on Earth would you bring an elf out here!” “Oh relax it’s not like it’s real, it’s a prop from my house, and I just put some bacon on it so it attracts the thing. Plus elf’s aren’t real, gosh you’re so dramatic.” “Shut up!” Then the elf started to move and Rowan dropped it. They both screamed in terror as they realized the elf was real. Then it started talking.
“Are you guys crazy, you were just going to use me as batie, and for what, you guys are going to die anyway without my help.” “Wait a minut… you guys are real?! Rowan said, eating his words. “Yes, of course we’re real, my name Poppy Pepperment, what’s yours kidnapper?” She asked “Well I’m Rowan, she’s Aria, and we’re trying to find this monster so we can prove that we aren’t crazy, and get everyone to work together go get this thing out of here!”
“Oh honey that’s not going to work...” “What do you mean?” “Well this thing is not just some tiny monster that you can all just gang up on. This thing attacks on sight and it’s not giving up without a fight. You won’t have time to take a photo of it, by then you would have already been eaten.”
Then they heard a deep, menacing growl. They all turned around, terror writing across their faces. There they saw it, white fur, sharp teeth, fiery eyes. It felt like the air got sucked out of the Earth, and their was a moment of stillness, for what probably was only a second, but felt like minutes. Aria quickly captured a picture, and they all started to run. Then Aria tripped on something and she hurt her leg, badly.
“ARIA!” Rowan screamed, and started running back for her. “ROWAN WHAT ARE YOU DOING!” poppy screamed “Aria are you ok! Where did you hurt your leg. What happened?” “I don’t know what happened, but keep going, leave me here I’ll figure something out.” “No, NO, I won’t leave you here!” Rowan said, tears falling.
Then with all his strength, he picked up Aria, and started to run again. But they weren’t fast enough, and the monster caught up with them. The monster picked them all up with ease, and brought them into his cave.
“ Man this is hopeless, no one is ever going to find us in here” Rowan said wiping his tears. “ I mean this isn’t so bad, I mean usually this thing attacks on sight, but it just left us here in this cave. But that probably meant that it was full, and is saving us for later.” Poppy said Then she got a bright idea, she slipped out of the ropes and went to aria.
“Us elf’s have healing powers, we use them on reindeer when ever they get hurt, maybe I can use it on your friend here.” Then their was a glow, all around her leg, and her lag started to heal. They both looked in awe at poppy as not Aria was able to move her leg. Now they didn’t waste any time, and got to work untying them selves.
Then monster came back, but this time it was hurt to. “ Let’s leave it !” Said Rowan “Yeah after all it did to us “ agreed poppy But Aria had another thing in mind. She started walking up to the monster, hand out, going slowly. Even though her friends were yelling at her to stop, she didn’t.
Then she finally put a hand on the monster. It was crying, and it flinched when it touched her. Then she remembered something. The legend of the Snowhowler. Mystical creatures,once kind and flourishing, but humans were scared, and hurt it badly, killed its mother, so after the day, the monsters vowed to never be kind again. Aria then started singing a song, one that came from the legend, and the monster started humming along. After the monster stared at her, and cracked a smile