The Talking Snowman
The Talking Snowman
In the Winter Wonderland
Once upon a time, there lived a little boy named Charlie. Charlie was curious and brave. His family went to the Winter Wonderland as soon as the winter season started. His mom and dad wanted Charlie to experience the many ice castles, Christmas lights, and the falling of snow, since they lived in the warmest town of Florida. As soon as his family reached the Airbnb, they were greeted with the cold air of Winter. Charlie felt like he was living a dream. Charlie has always wanted to go to the Winter Wonderland. Once his family settled in, they made hot chocolate to warm themselves up. Charlie couldn’t wait to go outside and play. “ Can we please go now, Mom?”he pleaded. His mom finally agreed after Charlie asked for the millionth time. So Charlie’s mom put on his winter coat, hat, mittens, and a fluffy blue scarf. They stepped outside, and Charlie was mesmerized. The entire city was covered in snow and many Christmas decorations. “Wow!” Charlie said to himself, he knew the first thing he wanted to do, build a snowman. Charlie has always watched movies and shows of people building a snowman, but he never got the chance to. Today was the day he accomplished his biggest dream. After Charlie explored, he found an untouched patch of snow. “I’m going to make the best snowman ever!” Charlie exclaimed. The first snowball was the hardest but after his mom and dad helped him until it was done. He rolled one a smaller one for the middle and a little snowball for the head, “it wasn’t done yet” Charlie said. Charlie needed a face and all the little details. So he ran back in the house and grabbed some buttons for the eyes, mouth, and body, a pointy carrot for the nose, some mittens for the hands, a scarf to keep the snowman warm, and 2 twigs for the snowman’s arms. Once he placed everything correctly, Charlie took a minute to mesmerize his beautiful snowman. “I was wondering when I’d see you!” the snowman suddenly exclaimed, blinking his button eyes. Charlie froze, stunned by what he saw. “You can talk ?” Charlie said. Charlie didn’t know what he was feeling, he was shocked and excited at the same time. Charlie and the snowman quickly became inseparable. Every morning, Charlie would rush outside of the Airbnb, with some warm hot chocolate in his hands, and daily plans to share with the snowman. Charlie decided the snowman needed a name, so he called the snowman,Walter. Walter had a soft charming voice. “How are you made?” Charlie asked one morning. Walter laughed, “Well, Charlie, you made me.” With the snow, buttons, and all the other stuff.  So they spent their days exploring the Winter Wonderland. They navigated their way through all the streets and laughed every single second. Walter hilariously falls apart at the bottom of the hills each time, allowing Charlie to carefully rebuild him. “ You know, the Winter Wonderland is the most beautiful place, but you make it the funnest place ever, Charlie, You’re a great friend.” Walter said. Charlie heart felt warm hearing Walter say that. Their time together was running out. On the last day, as Charlie’s family packed up, Charlie gave Walter a big hug. Tears filled Charlie’s eyes. “ I have to go back to Florida now.”, Charlie forced out of his mouth. “ It’s  too warm for you and you’ll melt in one second.” Walter understood but he was heartbroken on the inside. Walter patted Charlie’s shoulder with his twig arm and said “I’ll be right here, waiting for you next Winter.” Charlie nodded, wiping his tears away. Charlie felt like he knew Walter for his whole life. He felt like a part of him was lost in the snow. With a final wave, Charlie climbed into the car and watched out the window as the Winter Wonderland and his new best friend faded away. Charlie had his biggest dream come true, and a memory that would keep him warm all the way back to Florida.
Back in Florida, life was bright and warm. Charlie missed the feeling of snow underneath his boots and the voice of Walter. He hung a small drawing he drew of Walter next to his bed and told his friend the many stories of seeing snow, the Christmas lights, and the talking snowman. Only some people believed him, but deep inside, Charlie knew the truth. Charlie became the weatherman’s biggest fan, tracking the cold weather. Suddenly, a miracle occurred in Florida, there was going to be a week of low temperatures and  a  few inches of snow on Christmas week . Charlie knew this didn’t compare to the Winter Wonderland at all , but he was very happy. “ Mom! Dad!” he yelled, showing his parents the weather for the next week. His parents smiled at each other. They’d seen the shift of his mood, from being quiet to screaming in happiness. On Christmas Eve, a miracle happened. The temperature dropped to 18 degrees. It wasn’t the deep snow of the Winter Wonderland, but it was enough for Charlie. Charlie threw on his winter coat, hat, mittens, and fluffy blue scarf he hadn’t worn in a year. He ran to the backyard with his heart pounding. The ground was lightly covered with snow, just enough to make a tiny snowman. After this, he ran inside and grabbed the snowman’s buttons, baby carrot, two tiny sticks, a scarf, and hat. He placed them carefully. He took a deep breath. “ Walter? Are you there? ” he whispered to the small figure.  For a moment, nothing happened. Charlie’s smile fell from his face. Suddenly, the snowman's button eyes blinked. “Chilly day for Florida, isn’t it, Charlie?” Walter’s voice was thinner and softer, he made a delicate sound of melting snow. Charlie’s smile reappeared and was the brightest thing in the neighborhood. “You came back! Merry Christmas,Walter!" The magic was real. As long as Charlie believed, Walter would always find a way to wish his best friend a Merry Christmas. It didn’t matter if the snowman was small or temporary, but Charlie knew they would see each other again. The little boy from the warmest town in Florida had his biggest dream come true twice.