Winter Story
The Winter I Learned It
A Short Story
Winter arrived like a smack in the face in the small town of Blairwood, as if it snuck up on them. Every kid in Blairwood knew what that meant. It was skating season. Every year kids all over town would meet up over the weekend and have the dime of their lives at the local skating rink, Blairwood’s Skating Rink. Thirteen-year-old Mia hated skating. She couldn’t stand it, to the point she rejected her friends every single time they asked to hang out at the rink. “Skating is for losers”, she said every time like a broken record. The truth was she didn’t know how to skate. She never learned how because her parents were always busy and her older siblings were too caught up in college and job applications. She had no one to help her learn. It’s another reason why she also hated winter.
It reminded her that she was the only kid in all of Blairwood that didn’t know how to skate, but she would never admit this to her friends though. So every Saturday, Mia would watch her friends rush to the skating rink and come back on Monday with funny stories and inside jokes that she didn’t get. “You had to be there”, they said. Another reminder of her lack of skill. The feeling of being left out had become numb to her every winter.
One day, she had finally built up the courage to ask her older sister, Mara, to teach her to skate. “Hey Mara..”, she said, slightly nervous, but masking it with indifference. “What is it? I’m a little busy right now.”, she said typing rapidly on her computer, probably typing another essay for college. “I was wondering if….you could teach me how to skate on Sunday.”, she said, finally spitting it out, a hint of anticipation in her eyes. “Sorry, I’m really busy right now. Maybe next time.”, the excitement leaves Mia’s eyes and a look of disappointment hits her eyes. Mara glances up to see her face and feels a little guilty. “Hey Mi-..”, Mia cuts her out with a sharp tone. “Just forget it. Seems like everyone is too busy for me anyways. Finish your stupid essay.”, with a huff Mia storms off, slamming the door to her bedroom. Mara pauses, looking at her door with a guilty expression, realizing that she has hung out with Mia in forever because of college applications. Mara looks out the window, seeing the snow outside and remembering how they spent time together all the time as kids and now….they don’t. She turns back to essay, snapping back to focus, that guilt pushed to the back of her mind.
In Mia’s room, she sits at her window, her eyes watery but she doesn’t let one tear fall. “Whatever. Skating is for losers anyways” , there’s slight doubt in her words, her true emotions not coming out. “I don’t need stupid Mara to teach me anyways.”, she grabs her phone, distracting herself with social media. She scrolls through Instagram, seeing all the photos of her friends having fun at the skating rink. A part of her wants to join them and have fun too, but another part is too prideful to admit out loud.
After finishing her essay, Mara stretches, standing up and heading to the kitchen, stopping in front of Mia’s room, that pang of guilt hitting her once again. She knocks. “Hey M….”, no answer. “Mia… I’m really sorry, ok?. It’s just-..”, Mia cuts her off again with that same sharp tone. “It’s just you’ve been busy with college. Yea. I know. You don’t have to remind me for the millionth time.”, Mara hears the slight hint of hurt in her voice. “Have fun with your stupid essays.”, Mia says, then blasting music to end the conversation.
Mara stands there, realizing she hasn’t been the best big sister lately. She sighs, and walks to her room instead. “How do I make it up to her?” She sits, thinking. “What was she asking me again?”, she can’t remember what it was that Mia wanted from her. She thinks.. and thinks… until finally… “Skating… She wanted to learn how to skate..” Mara jumps up, grabbing her wallet and key. “I have to make it up to her.”, she continues to think as she drives to the store. Once at the store, she goes to the back and looks at all the skates in MIa’s size. “Which one..?”, she says, tapping her chin as she looks up and down the wall. Then she spots them, the perfect pair of skates for Mia. These purple skates that are her size, with cute laces and sharp blades. Mara grabs them and pays for them herself, determined to make it up with her sister.
She rushes back home, changing into warm clothes, grabbing her own old skates. Now in front of Mia’s door, still hearing the music blasting, she takes a deep breath and knocks, holding the skates in her hands. “Hey M…., can you open up?” The music stops, small footsteps approaching and she opens the door. “What do you want?” , she says in a angry tone, leaning against her door frame with her arms crossed. “Listen… I know I haven’t been around like I used to be…. and that we haven’t hung out in forever..”, she says her voice filled with guilt. “Mia, I’m really sorry ok?.. I know being busy with college isn’t an excuse anymore, so here.” She hands her the box of shoes. “What’s this?”, Mia said, totally confused. “Just open it, please..”, Mara says, a hint of anticipation in her eyes. Mia looks between her sister and the box, finally opening it. Her eyes widened at seeing the purple skates. “You got me skates..?” Mia says, a slight smile slowly appearing on her face. She looks up at her sister, “But why..?, she says in disbelief. “You said you wanted to hear how to skate right? Let’s go teach you how.”, Mara says with a smile. Mara’s expression lightens up with happiness, “Okay!”
Mia and her sister head to the skating rink. At first, Mia had a rocky start. “Mia, you have to skate like you’re sliding, not likely you’re actually walking. Like this.” , she demonstrates, easily skating like its second nature. Mia watches, while holding onto the wall, “It’s not that easy.”, she frowns. Mara laughs, taking her sister’s hands, “Just follow my lead.” Mia stumbles and almost falls, her nerves high. “M. calm down. Relax and follow my lead.” Mia takes a deep breath, calming nerves and follows Mara’s lead. Mia slowly starts getting the hang of it. “Just like that Mia. Good.” Mia keeps going, getting better and better. She doesn’t even realize Mara let go of her hands. She keeps skating, making a full circle around the rink. “Mara! Look, I’m doing it!” , she finally realizes that she isn’t holding her hands. Mia’s face lights up from excitement and pride, she continues skating. Mara smiles, watching her sister have fun and finally learn it, her baby sister learned how to skate. After that day, Mara and Mia’s relationship grew again and they became closer once again. Mia was finally able to join her friends at the skating rink every Saturday and not feel left out. She finally learned it.