Winter Story
The Day we Find Santa
By Olivia
Characters:
Frosty  Rudolph   Scrooge     Clarice   Max   Grinch   Krampus    Klaus    Tom/dad  Rein    The ghosts of Christmas past/present/future 
Genre:
Murder Mystery
Plot:
Dad tells a story about how Christmas wasn’t always this way
Conflict:
Something goes wrong that changes everything forever
It’s CHRISTMAS!! Christmas! Christmas! Christmas!
Slow down, you're gonna hurt yourself.
No i wont’t *jumping on couch*
Alright booger lets go open presents
PRESENTS!!!
*sits on couch* *tearing open presents*
Come here booger. Do you wanna hear a story?
Yes!
Alrighty then. But be warned this one is different then a regular Christmas story ok?
OK!
Our story starts with Klaus throwing a party
Balloons check, Cake check, cake knife check. The only thing left is to send out invitations! *He sits down and writes out every invitation and sends them out*
Later on after everything is set up.
*checks the time* It's already 6pm. Where is everyone?
*ding dong*
Hi Klaus! Sorry I’m late.
It’s ok Frosty, you're actually the first one here.
*ding dong* HEYYYYY!
Rudolph! I thought you said you couldn’t come!
Well I lied.
After everyone arrives.
Max! Could you bring me a cup of tea?
*brings the Grinch a cup of tea and wags his tail*
Aye Scrooge look at Rudolph and Clarice over there what a joke.
I know right.
Come on Rudolph I don’t wanna be here.
Aren’t you having fun though Clarice. 
No, Scrooge and Krampus keep looking over here and it’s making me uncomfortable.
Than stop focusing on them and focus on me and the party.
Scrooge how’s your Christmas going? No vists from. My future or past right? *chuckles*
Yeah not yet at least. Hey present, have you met my new friend Krampus?
No not yet. Hello Krampus I’m the ghost of Christmas present but you can call me present.
Nice to meet you I’ve heard lots about you
All good i hope
Yeah all good.
Hey Rudolph is that your girlfriend?
Yup the one and only. *chuckle*
Have you noticed how close those two have gotten?
I know right. I can’t believe Klaus invited Scrooge AND Krampus.
I know right I thought that Klaus hated Krampus.
Wait, why does Klaus hate Krampus?
They’re brothers and you know how brothers are.
I didn’t know they were brothers 
Yeah but they don’t really like to talk-
*power goes out*
About it… Hey what happened to the power? Clarice stay close to me. Clarice?
I’m here Rudolph don’t worry. Brrrrr,your really cold today.
Uhhh.Clarice? That’s not me.
Then who is it!
That would be me 
Frosty!
Sorry I just thought you might wanna have somebody to lean on.
*power comes back on*
Hey the powers back on!
*scream*
What’s wrong!
*points with a shaking hoof at the dead body on the ground*
*gasp*
The Grinch is gonna be pissed at whoever did this.
Yes he really is.
Frosty,Rudolph and Clarice all walk over to the Grinch to tell him the terrible scene.
Uh…Mr.Grinch..sir.
What is it I’m looking for Max. I can't find him.
Yeah…that’s -that’s what what we’re here to talk to you about
What do you mean that’s what your here to take to me about.
Max-Max is..
Dead. Max was killed during the power outage.
Ok. That’s not funny. Where’s Max? Max! Max!
We’re serious. Max is gone. I can show you if you want
Ok but i this is a joke I’m going to be pissed.
*sees the body of Max a breaks down crying softly*
Mr.Grinch? It’s ok don’t worry he lived his life well but i have a feeling he’s not the last.
*wipes tears* whoever hurt him will pay.
Where’s Klaus? Isn’t this his party?
He’s right there with- Krampus?
They really did settle their differences, didn't they.
I guess so. Doesn’t Krampus seem off to you?
Nah he’s always like that,  just the same old Kramps.
So what are we gonna do about the killing of Max?
I don’t know. There isn’t really much we can do.
But we have to do something, we can’t just leave it.
I agree. No one kills my best friend and gets away with it.
Don’t worry mister Grinch we’ll find him and bring him to justice
Him? Are you sure it was a guy?
Well it had to have been someone here at the party right? And I’m the only girl here so I know it’s a guy.
You’re really smart but what if someone broke in?
Just to kill one person? Let alone a dog. They would probably take something too.
You know Rudolph, she's not wrong.
She never is. Anyway lets figure this out shall we?
They all go to Klaus's office to try and figure out who would do such a thing.
So we know it’s none of us we were all together during the blackout
I didn’t see Scrooge anywhere. Did you?
I didn’t see him when the lights turned on.
So, it was Scrooge? 
Maybe.
They walk out just to see Scrooge on the floor with a knife in his back but also Krampus holding back Klaus
Krampus! What are you doing?
He killed Scrooge!
All at once “WHAT!!”
Yeah I guess he was our killer.
Dad, was that story real?
Yes honey. Santa is not Klaus, he's Krampus.
What happened to Klaus
I guess we’ll never know sweet heart. Now let’s go play in the snow
THE END