```html
A Winter Trip to Harveston
A Winter Trip to Harveston
By Phoenix Enolpe
I’m Epel Felmier. I come from Harveston, a town in northern Shaftlands that is known for its apple products. When I found out I was accepted into Night Raven College, I thought, “Hey, this might be my big break.” At least… until the Dark Mirror sorted me into Pomefiore. Our Housewarden—Vil Schoenheit, a famous actor and model—is obsessed with beauty. Like seriously, I don’t care about no dang brands or manners, and what even is a macaron?!
The vice Housewarden—Rook Hunt—is weird. He called me Monsieur Pommette, what’s with all the nicknames? He’s obsessed with beautiful things, and can’t lie to himself about what he sees as beautiful. Everybody at Pomefiore is all obsessed over appearances, I mean honestly. I’d rather be in Savanaclaw. At least then I wouldn’t have to care about all this boring stuff.
Life here at NRC is… different. Everything’s pretty boring, but whatever. I joined the spelldrive club, because there isn’t anything for blastcycling. I’m with Leona—Housewarden of Savanaclaw. Ruggie, another guy from Savanaclaw, is also there. I made friends with all the other first years—Ace and Deuce from  Heartslabyul, Jack from Savanaclaw, and Sebek from Diasomnia. I spend a lot of time with them, and the Prefect—Yu—from Ramshackle. He can’t use magic at all, which is really weird.
Anyways, I was just texting my grandma. She said she wanted me to come back home for the weekend, because the Sledathon was happening soon, and she wanted me to bring back some friends… but I don’t know who to ask. I don’t want to bring Vil and Rook. They’d be a nightmare to deal with. But— “Woah! Watch where you—Oh! Hi, Epel!” Someone said.
I looked up, and it was Kalim Al-Asim, Housewarden of Scarabia. Next to him was Jamil Viper, the vice Housewarden. He’s Kalim’s friend too, I think. “Hi.. sorry.” I replied, stepping back and giving a polite nod. Kalim just smiled that wide grin of his, brushing it off with a wave of his hand. “Don’t worry about it! What’s got you distracted?”
“Well, my grandma wants me to go home for the weekend, since the Harveston Sledathon is happening. It’s a race where people compete using sleds pulled by plushies—operated with magic, of course… but I don’t know who to bring.” I said, shrugging. Kalim looked thoughtful for a second, glancing back at Jamil, before turning to me.
“Well, me and Jamil will be happy to join you!” He said, suddenly.
“What?! I didn’t—” Jamil started, before abruptly cutting himself off. “Ugh, Kalim, let’s not trouble Epel with your spontaneous antics.”
“No, it’s okay. I think it’d be nice if you came,” I interrupted, putting a hand up, “it’d be a good experience for the both of you.” Jamil, still slightly reluctant, didn’t protest and sighed. Kalim smiled again, putting his hands on his hips. “Okay! When are we leaving?”
“Tomorrow morning, if that’s alright. It’s only two days, so you don’t need to pack much. I’ll see you guys tomorrow.” I said, waving goodbye. The other two returned the gesture, then walked away. That’s two. Now I just need one more to complete a team… but then again, two more couldn’t hurt. Maybe Deuce? Or Leona… he could get something out from this. After school, I went to spelldrive practice to ask Leona if he’d want to come.
“Hey, Leona… I have a question.” I said, coming up to the lion beastman as we changed into our PE uniforms. The older guy looked down at me and raised an eyebrow in question. I took that as a sign to continue. I explained about the sledathon, watching his expression carefully. “So, would you like to come? You don’t have to participate in the race, but it’d be nice to come along…”
Leona stared and grunted. “Dunno. Don’t really care if I go or not. Sure, I guess.” He said, grumbling. He then continued to change. Great! That’s everybody. I already asked Deuce over text, so everything is okay.
```