The Christmas Nightmare
The Christmas Nightmare
By Ava
On December 8th 2020, Maria, an 18 year-old girl and her best friend Bella drove to her Pennsylvania Cabin. The girls sang the whole car ride from New York, excited for their skiing adventures they were soon to have. Little did they know about tragedies of the future and how their perfectly planned weekend would be far from perfect. Briefly before arriving at the Cabin, Maria mentioned to Bella that some spooky things usually occur Upstate however this trip it wasn’t likely for anything to happen because it was Christmas time!!!
When Maria and Bella arrived, smoke filled the air and it was pouring rain, the time was 9:54 pm and the closest house to her Cabin was about 10 miles away. This didn’t worry Maria nor Bella because they hadn’t expected good weather the whole weekend but now they needed new plans for the following day since the Ski Trails would be closed. Although they were bummed they quickly unpacked the car and thought of replacing activities. “Maybe instead we can go ice skating or even tubbing !” said Maria. “I wish but with all this rain we might have to stay inside all day”-Bella. They sat in silence for a few minutes until they heard a loud crashing sound! They screamed and shivered as they looked around the Cabin for the cause of the unexpected sound but found nothing. They assumed it could have been a tree falling outside and went to sleep.
Bella woke up at sun-rise to go on a morning run before Maria got up. Her peaceful run was filled with worry because of the voice she was hearing. The voice was singing Christmas songs but there was no one in sight so we continued running until…… SHE SEEN A SNOWMAN COME OUT OF THE BUSH WALKING AND SINGING! Bella froze on the trail, her breath turning to frost in the cold morning air. The snowman waddled toward her with bouncing steps. Its coal eyes were shiny and black, like they were trying to say something to her. It wore a crooked red scarf, fluttering although there was no wind, and its mouth opened and closed as the voice continued singing.
Jungle bells, jingle bells…”  
This wasn't any snowman like Bella has seen before, its face was cold with anger and body huge as a polar bear. Bella stumbled backward, slipping on slushy ground. “Maria,” she whispered, unable to scream. She turned and bolted back toward the cabin, tripping on roots, branches whipping against her arms. She remembered how far she was from the Cabin, 5 miles! 5 miles, stuck with this creepy snowman! His or her singing grew louder behind Bella, faster, the snowman was picking up speed.
“JINGLE ALL THE WAY—” Finally, she arrived back to the Cabin, however she saw Maria was still asleep. She burst through the cabin door, slamming the door shut behind her. Her breaths were loud and heavy, she pressed her back against the wood. “MARIA!” She woke up rubbing her eyes. “What? What is it? Why would you wake me up at like 7 in the morning?” Bella pointed to the window, trembling with fear in her eyes. “There—outside—something followed me.” Maria peered through the foggy glass window looking for what could possibly be outside. The woods were quiet, the rain now turned into a thin mist hovering above the ground. “I don’t see anything Bella. What are you pointed to? Maybe you need some more sleep.” “No, Maria—I swear—I saw a snowman. It was walking. It was singing.”
Maria blinked. “Are you still half asleep? Or maybe you were listening to music and got spooked—“ “I wasn’t listening to anything!” Bella yelled. “I know what I saw!I saw an alive snowman, you have to believe me.” Maria softened, noticing Bella’s pale desperate face. “Okay… okay. Just calm down, breathe . We’ll figure this out.” But Maria didn’t believe Bella, at least not fully.
After eating breakfast, the two girls tried distracting themselves by playing music, cleaning the cabin, and making friendship bracelets. The weather report on the TV announced the mocky humid weather would turn to heavy snow by evening so the girls still wouldn’t be able to ski.Bella sat near the few windows, looking in the woods. Every pine tree, telephone pole, and squirrel seemed suspicious now. All normal shadows seemed to move the wrong way.
In the early afternoon, the snow storm began. Thick clumps of snow hit the ground more and more as time passed. Maria sat on the couch with her notebook, trying to ignore Bella’s unease. “Maybe the run made you feel nauseous, or because you didn’t eat breakfast-” she suggested gently. “Hallucinations can happen—” “Stop,” Bella said sharply. “It was real, why would I ever lie about something like this.” Maria sighed. “Fine. If it’ll help you relax, we’ll go outside together. There’s nothing out there but trees and bushes.” Bella hesitated because she was still in shock of the whole situation, but agreed. “Okay.”
The girls put on their coats and boots,a ski just in case of an emergency and stepped out onto the porch. The snow was pouring down around them, melting instantly on their faces. The forest stood still, not a noise of anything to be heard. “See Bella there is no living snowman or even anything out here.” Bella scanned the bushes, shaking still. “It was right over there this morning.” Maria stepped closer to the trees and looked closely. “Look, Bella, maybe some branches fell and you thought they moved. Or maybe you thought you seen-” She stopped. Something white was sticking out from behind a pine tree. Round, and very large.
“Maria?” Bella whispered. Maria took one step towards the figure ahead. The round shape disappeared behind the tree as if it was binding or it had ducked. Bella grabbed Maria’s arm. “You saw that, right? DID YOU SEE IT!? MARIA PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE TELL ME YOU SEEN THAT.” Maria swallowed hard, rethinking everything and now fully trusting Bella. “I… think so.” Then the singing began again, Christmas songs. The stood still for a second, then SPRINTED to the Cabin, thankfully they weren’t far and made it back.
“Let me iiiiin…” Bella sobbed about to break into tears. “Maria, what is happening, what is going on?!”  “Call someone!” Said Maria to Bella. Bella dialed 911 with shaking hands. The call rang. Then cut off, signal. Maria then checked her phone, there were no bars. They stopped hearing noises , outside it was completely quiet. “Maybe it left,” Maria whispered.
She was very very wrong. Outside the window, two dark coal eyes slid slowly up the glass. The snowman rose until its sickly carrot nose scraped the pane. Its stone smile was wider now. The snowman’s twig hands continuously tapped against the window. The snowman’s aggressive tapping then became banging.
They ran to the small basement door near the kitchen and hurried down the stairs, shutting it behind them. The basement was dirty and dusty, filled with tools and holiday decorations. Maria made a barrier of old wood against the door to hopefully keep this evil snowman out. Maria took a good look at the basement trying to think. “We can wait it out. We’ll wait until morning, and then we’ll run to the car.” “But what if it breaks in?”-Bella
A loud crack echoed above them, the singing started up again only now it was much louder. Footsteps approached the basement door, “girls… girls… there is no need to hind!” A soft sniffing sound. As if the thing were breathing against it, Bella shook uncontrollably.The sniffing stopped, now they sat in silence, holding back tears. Maria inched toward an old window nearby them in the basement.
Then the entire cabin shook, something large slammed into the basement door. Maria pushed Bella toward the window, “Go! NOW!” Bella climbed onto a box and squeezed through the tiny frame of the window. Maria followed, scraping her coat on the glass. But as soon as her boots hit the ground, she heard it: Crunch,Crunch,Crunch. The sound of someone’s presence in the snow behind them.“Run!” Maria yelled.
The car was in sight—half-buried in snow.  
They threw themselves inside. Maria jammed the keys into thr car praying it would turn on.  
The engine made noises, in the rear window mirror the snowman was visible. “Come on—COME ON!”The snowman staggered out of the woods, faster than before, its mouth stretched open, stones falling out as it shrieked the song. The engine roared to life.The snowman broke the glass window and graded Bella! Than Maria woke up crying, looked around and realized the whole weekend was a long awful dream.  
the end!