Winter's Awakening
Winter's Awakening
By Alyssa Tupsaitong
There lies an annual tradition that citizens anticipate every year, a mystical yet widely enjoyed event that has been carried on from generation to generation. Centuries ago, a group of five known as the “Everwinter Brothers” came across a lost, worn down civilization in shambles along their journey down a snowy mountain, scavenging for a spot to rest through harsh and merciless winds. The dark, wooden frames of what were once intricately built homes were burnt down into nothing but ashes and a pile of waste. The remnants of beloved antique markets and warm bakeries were buried underneath a thick blanket of snow, bits and pieces of debris spotting the vast white that extended miles ahead of them.
One of the five brothers, Brother Danshmi, summoned a crystal of light within the palm of his hand through a simple flick of the wrist. The light cut through the darkness of the cold, winter night, as if the haze that engulfed their surroundings had miraculously disappeared. It provided the men a clearer view of the destruction that lay before them. A sorrowful sight. The brothers turned to discuss with one another, muttering and exchanging their thoughts and opinions. Ultimately, they decided it was their responsibility to reconstruct these ruins, and bring back the liveliness this city held once again.
Then, rose the yearly tradition that continues to be celebrated year after year. This day, called “Winter’s Awakening,” declared the day where the season’s first snowfall shall be summoned, a task in which a trained student of a senior wizard would fulfill. This year, a young lady named Relvira Solace would hold the responsibility of the Winter’s Awakening. She has done rigorous studies and preparation in order to bring along the best snowfall that the city has ever experienced, and one would say that she is getting a bit too deep within her books that it’s causing her mind to go haywire.
“Settle down, Miss Solace,” Brother Sulien said in a low, soothing tone. His voice was as deep as that of a cello. Whenever he spoke, a soft rumble could be heard throughout the room he stood in. “You are bound to tire yourself before the Winter’s Awakening, my dear. Get some rest, tomorrow lies your last rehearsal early in the morning before your big event.” He stood in the door frame of her dorm, peering over at Relvira, who was slouched over a thick book that held years of knowledge of various spells and magic.
The soft lighting of the outside hallway spilled into the darkness of her room. A warm, dim lamp was pushed to the edge of her nightstand, enough to illuminate her workspace as she flipped through the pages, rummaging through her notes and muttering her recital as she recalled the exact hand movements of the spell. One wrong movement of the wrist, and the steady flow of a snowy stream that ran from her finger vanished. Relvira slumped back into her seat with aggression, burying her face in her hands as she groaned in frustration.
“It has to be perfect, Brother Sulien,” whined Relvira, turning around in her seat to face her professor. Her eyebrows furrowed, her undereyes looked as if she plowed through several sleepless nights. Brother Sulien grimaced at the sight. “This is the season’s first snowfall, and I, out of thousands of other students, was chosen to bring it all together. Me! Out of half of the students that study at Glacierreach Academy! High standards are expected of me, sir, I can’t let everyone down, even if it’s a small mistake. It has to be flawless.”
Brother Sulien’s shoulders drooped, sighing as he shared great empathy for such a diligent and eager student. He closed the door behind him, leaving a small crevice to be open, and waddled across the room towards her. He pulled out a second stool from underneath the desk, and sat down beside her, skimming her scribbled and disorganized notes, a few of his lectures being thrown into the mix. He rested his cane upon her bedframe. “Miss Solace, for I am extremely proud of how far you’ve come as an extraordinary student here at Glacierreach Academy, and I’m more than thrilled to see you preparing so thoroughly for this day, but I’m simply afraid you will overwork yourself,” he said looking Relvira in the eye, putting a comforting hand on her shoulder. A comfort that one of a father could only provide, and is what always soothed Relvira, even in the most anxious of environments.
Relvira saw her professor’s pitied expression, and heaved a deep sigh. “I’m scared I’m going to mess it up, that’s all. I don’t mean to stress you out, I just don’t want to mess it all up,” she admitted in a pitiful tone, resting her head in her arms. “I’m sorry, Brother Sulien.” Brother Sulien rubbed her back gently, frowning at her distress. She laid there, refusing to look at him, her body subtly rising and lowering with each breath she took. “No need to worry, I was once in your position—many sleepless nights, many hours of reciting the same words and movements, over and over again until it became second nature. I know what it is like,” he reassured. “But you are like none other, Miss Solace. You were chosen for a reason. They chose you because they saw something in you, something that was worth fulfilling. I chose you because you were the best that I have seen in many of my years. Be true to your potential, my dear. I believe that you will be perfectly fine, but it is your duty to choose to believe in yourself.”
Relvira continued to keep her head buried in her arms, unmoving. It was as if she did not hear his words at all. It pained the professor to see her in such devastation. Brother Sulien exhaled in defeat, groaning in pain as he hoisted himself up from his seat. His knees were getting too old for his body. He retrieved his cane, and began making his way towards the door, until a voice stopped him. “Brother Sulien?” squeaked Relvira. He turned to peer at her. “Miss Solace,” he replied. A short silence followed between them, a moment of hesitation for Relvira. “Thank you. Thank you for being here for me, and teaching me to the best of your abilities,” she finally said. Brother Sulien looked at her for a moment, as if in deep contemplation. A slight smile could be seen at the corner of his mouth. “My pleasure, Miss Solace. Now, rest up, my dear. You have a big day ahead of you,” he replied. The door creaked shut, and Relvira began tidying herself up for bed, lacking the heaviness in her heart that she held before.
Morning arrived, and beams of sunlight spilled through the blinds of her window, shining brightly as it gave the room a warm, golden glow. Relvira yawned as she groggily went through her cupboards, searching for the missing pieces to that of her uniform. She went through her usual morning routine—cleansing her face and teeth, styling her hair into a neat braid, and slipping herself into her garments.
Although, now she was missing one crucial thing: a plum-colored robe that she would wear at the event, embroidered with a magnificent golden design, the emblem of her academy worn proudly on her chest. She would be presented among thousands—students of the academy, citizens of the city, professors and royal figures awaiting for the arrival of the Winter’s Awakening. The simple thought of it sent shivers down her spine, yet she continued throughout the day with confidence in her system.
Relvira strolled down the spiral steps as to which she would arrive within the corridor that led her to the courtyard, where her last and final rehearsal would be taking place. She pushed open the large, metal gates, the hinges letting out a horrid screech. She winced at the unpleasant sound. Relvira wandered into the courtyard, her eyes scanning her surroundings in search of her professor and sub-professor, Sister Elenor.
The lush, green vegetation blew with the soft breeze, the sound of leaves rustling and the soft waterfall of the fountain that lay in the middle of the garden filling her ears. The sun shone above her, illuminating her in its glow. There would be an altar at the far end of the courtyard, constructed out of marble, intricately carved to create beautiful designs. The pillars and edges of the altar were adorned with a plethora of different flowers and plants, filling the air with their fine scents. Her professors stood patiently behind the altar, awaiting her arrival.
“There you are, my dear!” exclaimed Brother Sulien, his arms extending out from his sides. “Just in time for your last practice.” He flashed her a warm, reassuring smile, folding his arms in front of him. “Remember to only let out a small flurry—save your energy for when the time comes,” Sister Elenor said, leaning towards her. “Wouldn’t want you being worn out before your big moment.” Relvira nodded without response, climbing the few steps up onto the altar, standing in between the two professors. She closed her eyes, took a deep breath, raised her arms high, and began her final recital.
Relvira peered nervously from behind the curtains of the balcony, peeking out into the crowd gathering below. Citizens and students have already begun gathering in front of the academy, within the city square. Commotion spread all around the large crowd, restlessly anticipating this exciting event. “I heard this year’s snowfall is going to be done by a student!” a person shouted. “This has to be better than last season’s,” another exclaimed. She hid behind the curtains, shrinking at the sight of such an immense audience.
Sister Elenor appeared behind Relvira, taking her shoulders and spinning her around in surprise. “You’re going to do spectacularly, I reassure you, Miss Solace,” said Sister Elenor, guiding Relvira over towards the platform in which she’d receive the robe. A large mirror towered over her as she stood stiffly on the stand, her muscles and body tense. Relvira studied her reflection, noticing how matured her features were, taking in the realization that she was in fact, no longer a young child. The day that she always viewed to be far in the future, was to happen in a mere few minutes from now. How time flies.
Sister Elenor came back with the robe folded over her forearm, with the emblem in the other. She placed the emblem onto a table beside her, before unbuttoning the robe and slipping it onto Relvira. The robe fell loose on the arms and around her legs, but fitted her form around the torso. She stared at herself in the mirror as Sister Elenor positioned the emblem on her chest, and finally, she was officially ready to announce the first snowfall of the season. She would be titled as the third student to ever declare the Winter’s Awakening, and the thought still hadn’t dawned on her, until she heard the voice of Brother Sulien echo upon the balcony. Relvira spun her head around, her heart feeling as if it were to explode out of her chest. He announced the start of the event in his loud, booming voice, signaling Relvira’s appearance. The crowd fell silent in suspense, awaiting the reveal of this mysterious individual.
“It’s your time!” whispered Sister Elenor, patting her on the shoulders. “You got this, take a deep breath, believe in yourself, my dear.” She gave Relvira a supportive push towards the entrance, and her legs stumbled beneath her. Relvira’s hands shook as she raised them over the curtains, a bajillion thoughts racing through her mind. What if it doesn’t work? What if she stumbles on her words? She shook her head, relaxing herself, forcing down the degrading thoughts. You can do this, Relvira. Everyone’s counting on you. Relvira stepped forward hesitantly, smoothing down her robe one last time. She held her breath, grabbed both sides of the curtain in her hands, and stepped out onto the open balcony.