The Snowman That Came to Life
The Snowman That Came to Life
by Anonymous
The chilly air in the quiet town of Pleasant Park smelled like hot chocolate with marshmallows. Winter has just arrived in Pleasant Park and the world all of a sudden was tucked under snow.
Once upon a shimmery day, in the backyard of a cozy blue house lived a boy named Leo, and his snowman: Frosty. Leo, a boy who feels like he doesn’t fit in, loves playing in the snow. Leo really loves the snow, but he knows once spring comes, all 
the snow will melt.
Frosty was not just any boring snowman. Frosty was unique. He had three perfectly rounded snowballs that were stacked proportionally, with a wide charcoal smile, twig arms held ready for a hug, a knitted scarf, a slightly lopsided red hat that belonged to Leo’s dad. Instead of a carrot for the nose, Frosty had a bright orange pepper that glows during midnight. Leo had spent all afternoon telling Frosty every secret he know and promised they would have the best winter adventures together. As night came close Leo was tucked into his bed, but all of a sudden, a silent, extraordinary thing had happened.
A bright star, not just any star, but a star from the North Pole had struck Frosty. The star from the North Pole had millions of wishes over millions of years and tonight, it decided to grant a simple one, a wish for a friend. It beamed a shiny thread of light directly down onto Frosty’s bright pepper nose.
Frosty’s nose moved. The twig arms twitched. The snow crackled.
Frosty’s eyes blinked open. He suddenly starts moving.
Frosty, whispers, “Hello World.”
Frosty looked down as his round, snowy body and his first thought was, I need to see the other side of this world.
Frosty shuffled his big and round bottom until he was standing. He was a bit wobbly but he soon managed to get a hang of it.
Frosty wanders out the backyard into a quiet lane. He saw houses with shiny decorations and trees that glistened.
As Frosty walked, he wondered something. Where were all the people? Where the all the laughter and sleds?
He thought to himself, “This is not the type of winter Leo described to me about,” Frosty spoke to himself. “It is a very quiet winter.”
As Frosty wanders around, he suddenly spots a small, shivering dog. It was brown and it looked very cold and very lost.
”Poor dog,” said Frosty. His charcoal heart suddenly felt a sudden sense of warmth. “You must be freezing here.”
Frosty reached over his perfectly rounded snowball head and grabbed Leo’s dad's red hat.
The dog looked up at Frosty with a frightened look. Frosty slowly lowered the hat to the ground.
“It’s cozy,” Barnaby whispered. “It will help keep you warm.”
The dog hesitated, then cautiously walked forward. It sniffed the hat then curled up with the hat.
“Much better,” Frosty smiled. He continued wandering around now without a hat. He passed the town’s park and spotted something that looked unusual.
He saw a swing that was tangled high around the top bar. Frosty recalls Leo liking swings. He thought to himself, “Leo cannot swing if the rope is stuck.”
Frosty knew he was big and tall, but also he knew he was made out of snow. He reached up but there was a problem. His twig arms barely reached up to the bar. He tried to jump which resulted in a bit of snow falling apart from him.
Frosty pondered and pondered until he had an idea. He walked over to the pile of snow near the slides and scooped handfuls of snow. He piled it high until he had built a percent platform.
He climbed onto the snow platform and soon he was tall enough! He reached his twig hands and carefully untangled the frozen rope. He gave the swing a friendly push and now the swing worked. “Perfect!” said Frosty, smiling.
Although he successfully fixed the swing, climbing and all the effort of lifting all of the heavy snow combined had taken a toll on him. He noticed numerous small cracks forming near his shoulder and without his hat, the wind was starting to blow away the snow at the top of his head.
Frosty near his time was short and belonged to Leo. He needs to get back before the sun rises.
He hurried back down the quiet lane, closer toward the blue house.
He soon arrives to Leo’s backyard and sees the sun starting to rise. He scrambled back into the backyard, carefully posing in his original spot. He closed his charcoal eyes and tried to hold still, hoping the magic would just settle down for the day.
As the sun gently rose in the sky, the shiny thread or the North Pole star magic slowly withdrew from Frosty. Frosty stood perfectly still, just snow, no twigs and an orange pepper, no long seeing or moving.
Leo bounded out of the backyard door, ready for a day of sledding.
“Leo, I’m ready!” Leo shouted, then stopped. “Wait a minute…”
He noticed three things immediately. One: Barnaby was missing his favorite red hat! Two: There was a little pile of snow packed under the swing set in the park that wasn’t there yesterday. And three: Frosty had a small crack near his shoulder and his top snowball head looked smaller.
Leo frowned wondering where the hat could have gone.
Just then, he suddenly heard a loud, happy bark.
The brown dog from under the porch, warm and cozy walked to the fence. It was small and Leo saw his dad’s hat like a cape on the dog, barking and rubbing happily against the Frosty.
Leo laughed, “Frosty you sneaky thing! You made a new friend!”
Leo rushed inside and came back with his blue scarf. He carefully tied it wound Frosty’s top snowball head so he can be warm.
“You’re the best snowman ever,” Leo promised. “Today, we’re going to build the small dog a snow castle to match your kindness.”
And though Frosty couldn’t blink or move anymore, Leo felt certain that his wonderful snowman was smiling, waiting happily for the next snowy night.