Winter Story
Winter Story
Once upon a time there was a penguin named Waddles. Waddles was a bad penguin, who didn’t listen to his colony. One day, he decided to take a nap by the sea, after his colony told him not to and while he slept, he floated far, far away from home. When Waddles woke up, he didn’t recognize his surroundings, it was hot, it was sandy, he had not realized it at the time, but he arrived in the United States.
Waddles was worried, he’d never traveled by himself before, he didn’t know how to get back to his colony in Antarctica. He panicked, he tried to just swim out into the ocean, but it was no use, the waves kept pushing him back. Waddles felt hopeless, that maybe he deserved this and his colony didn’t want him to come back. It wasn’t until a seagull noticed him, and figured he was lost. The seagull went up to Waddles and asked if he was from around here, to which Waddles responded with no, he’s from Antarctica. The seagull was confused on how a penguin so far away ended up in a place like this, which Waddles told him that he didn’t listen to his colony and he feels like he’s suffered the consequences.
After talking for a little bit, the seagull told Waddles his name was Bubbles, and that he could help get him back to Antarctica. Waddles didn’t know how to thank him, and they started their journey. The seagull decided it would be best to go to South America first for more food and so that they could rest. They head to a boating dock to take a boat to South America, they get a boat, and start boating to North America. Bubbles tells Waddles that there won't be boats heading to Antarctica, so he would need to swim, while Bubbles flies over and guides him.
They arrive in South America where they find a town to rest for the night. During the night, Waddles had a dream that when he got back to Antarctica, his colony didn’t want him back. Waddles woke up from this dream and thought about it for a while, he also woke up Bubbles who asked him what was wrong. Waddles explained the dream to him, then Bubbles told him that surely they wouldn’t act like that, and that they would care that he is back. Waddles thanked him for his comfort and helped again, which also helped them to sleep through the night. They prepared for their journey to Antarctica, they packed some food in a bag, and went off. During their journey, Bubbles explained that he couldn’t go all the way to Antarctica because of the freezing temperatures, but he had a friend that could take him the rest of the way there.