The Cabin Light…
The Cabin Light…
By Giuliana Falcone
December 13th 1987
During a cold windy evening when four friends Jackson, Lucas, Thomas, and Daniel were heading home from school, excited that winter break was finally here. They were all going to hang out at Lucas’s house but his house was 30 minutes away and the sun was going down so they had to bike fast. They rode for 15 minutes and were halfway there. It was now dark as they rode the rest of the way there. As they rode their bikes the boys noticed that Thomas was slowing down and seemed to be paranoid about something because he kept on looking around. As the boys continued to pedal through icy wind Lucas yelled out “Yo Tom you good man? You're riding like you’ve seen a ghost.” Thomas sped up a bit catching up with the boys. “I-I just…” he glanced behind him again “I feel like someone’s following us.” Thomas said, speeding up. Jackson rolled his eyes “The only thing following us is frostbite because you're pedaling so slow.” But Daniel started slowing down as well, “No wait, he’s right I keep hearing crunching.” They all stopped on the side of the road. The only sound was their breaths, the sky above them was black.
Then-crunch. A heavy step in the woods.
Lucas whipped his head toward the sound. “Probably a deer.” Not even Lucas himself sounded convinced with his reply. Just then a street light flickered far in a line of trees in the woods. “What was that?” It definitely wasn't a street light or a light coming from a house either. Lucas knew this area better than anyone. “That’s in Old Ridge Woods, there’s nothing out there anymore, my dad told me these cabins were abandoned decades ago.” Thomas, who was looking around, then spoke up. “That doesn't mean no one is out there.” Everyone looked around scared, they all hopped on their bikes not peddling yet but just standing there. The light got brighter. “We should just get to my house. We can go faster if we don't stop.” Said Lucas. As they were about to start pedaling Daniel was staring at the snow. “Look” he pointed. A thin trail of fresh footprints leading from the woods to the edge of the road where they stood. But what made all four boys freeze was how the footprints ended.
They didn't turn around.
They didn't go back.
They just…stopped.
As if the person vanished mid step
Lucas swallowed hard. “We are leaving NOW.” The boys pedaled fast, their ears and face getting slapped with the cold wind. When they were only five minutes from Lucas’s house Thomas breaded so hard that Daniel almost crashed into him. “Dude! What now?” Thomas pointed with a trembling hand the lights flickering from one street light to another like a sign like someone is following them.  “Tell me you guys see that.” Daniel muttered. “Yea, I’m sure we all see it,” Jackson replied. The light flickered as if it was sending a signal. One, two, three times. A code. A message. Daniel’s voice cracked “I think it wants us to follow it.” Thomas nearly fell off his bike “WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU? WE ARE NOT GOING OUT THERE.” But the light flickered again signaling something. Jackson moves closer “What if it's like an SOS?” “An SOS? Are you crazy Jackson I know you are not thinking of going out there” Lucas said. “What if it's someone who wants us dead?” Thomas says. A sudden gust of wind blows sending a shiver of icy snow across the road. The lights went out. The only light now was from the pale moonlight above. “We go together” Lucas says “We stay together and leave together, if we get chased head to my house.” Thomas, Daniel and Jackson all nod. The boys hassle worried and nervous looks on their faces. The boys went towards where the light used to shine. Getting closer and closer every second. When suddenly a light behind them flickered, they grew closer to the light seeing something laying beside it, the light went out as they stood under it. And laying beside it… was a key. Old. Rusty. Cold. Lucas picked it up gently “There’s something carved on it” “What does it say?” Daniel says looking around for someone. “return” Lucas says unsure. The boys look at each other. Then all of a sudden far back in the woods where the boys had first stopped,
A cabin window lit up…
The four boys stood frozen in the snowy road, staring at the distant cabin window glowing between the trees. None of them have ever seen lights in those woods before. No one lived there. No one should have been there.
But someone was.
“We have to go inside.” Thomas said. “Jesus, do you want us to die?!” Jackson yelled at Thomas. “Hes right we should go and see what all of this is about” Daniel says. Lucas stays quiet, “I don’t know this seems risky but, I guess let's go.” They all head for the cabin.
The cabin was small, old, and crooked. Its roof drooped slightly showing that it was old. Daniel lifted the lantern that he found outside the house “should we knock?” “Absolutely not,” Thomas said, shaking his no. Lucas walked up to the door and knocked twice.
Silence.
Then very slowly the door creaked open on its own. A warm light shone on the snow. Inside the cabin there was nothing…strange. Just a simple, one roomed space. A wood table, a cold fireplace, and a chair covered in dust. Except there is a table, on the table lies a notebook and beside it a map. The boys step forward picking up the map “its the forest” Daniel says. But it wasn’t normal, it had red circles drawn all over it in several different places. And in the center of the map there was a big circle with writing… ““KEEP OUT OF THE QUIET ZONE” the quiet zone? What is the quiet zone?” Daniel exclaimed, confused. Jackson opens the notebook that was next to the map. “Maybe this can help us” he flips to the first page faded ink written on the page and reads aloud.
“December 1st, 1987 
If the Quiet Zone grows any larger, the woods won't stay normal much longer. Something’s happening here. Something I can’t explain.”
Daniel sighs confused, Thomas looks around for anything that can tell us what the silent zone is. Jackson continues to read.
“December 5th, 1987
The crackling sound is back. The lights appear near the bridge every night now. I think they’re trying to warn someone. Maybe anyone who will listen”
“The lights. Like the ones we saw? Keep reading Jack” Lucas says. Jackson flips to the next entry the writing darker almost scratched into the page.
”December 10th, 1987
If someone finds this follow where the lights take you, return the key. Don’t stay past the light”
”What? The third light, what's this even means this is a bunch of nonsense you know, we’re all going to-” Thomas gets cut off “stop talking Thomas” Lucas says listening. Then all of a sudden
THUMP
Something hit the outside of the cabin. All four boys jumped. Another thump louder this time, like something is hitting the wood. “Someone’s out there. Quick the lantern!” Lucas says Daniel blows out the lantern and Jackson shuts the notebook.  Darkness surrounded them. Then again a thump the boys leaned up against the wall barely breathing. The doorknob turned slowly. The door creaked open. The cold air rushed in and the figure stepped forward. The lantern turned back on, on its own. Showing the boys the figures' faces.
A ranger.
It looked like the ranger that had gone missing years ago, but something was off. His eyes were unfocused, drifting past the boys as if he couldn’t see them. He stood in the middle of the cabin not moving. Then he lifted his head. Slowly and unnaturally, almost as if he was being controlled. Jackson whispered “Sir?” The ranger didn’t answer, instead he turned his head to the journal, flipping the pages with his head. Stopping on a new line that none of them have seen before, reading: “It followed me inside.” Lucas stepped back. “We need to go.”  But the ranger or whatever the ranger had become steeped towards them. His foot hit the wood hard. The lantern flickered. The cabin walls seemed to be closing in on them as the ranger grew closer. The ranger's face shifted, forming a smile. The smile of someone who wasn’t smiling. That was enough. “RUN” Lucas yells. The boys bolted out of the door, slipping on the snow, running into the cold night. They didn't look back, the sound of slow but heavy footsteps behind then kept them going. They didn't stop until they reached town where they were finally back in their neighborhood. When they made it into a crowd they turned around, they saw the cabin far in the distance. Then they saw the windows glow a bright pale blue in the distance. Behind that light they saw him. The ranger's body was standing perfectly still, as if he’d been waiting for them to leave. The cabin went dark again. The boys never returned, but every winter, when the snow was heavy and the woods went silent=, they swore they could hear it again. That thump inside the cabin and footsteps on the floor. As if that something was still walking inside, looking for the boys who had seen its face…
The End
				 Giuliana Falcone