Winter Story
Winter Story
By Anonymous
Every winter, delicate patterns appear around this small town. Lace- like designs that no storm can create. I’ve lived in this town for my whole life, I'm 18 now and no one knows who is making these designs. I always wanted to know who made them, whenever I was having a bad day and looked out my window at night and saw the designs it made me feel so much better. This person must be outside all night making these. Just so our town doesn’t lose the love it deserves.
As I am driving to school my mom tells me how she won’t be able to pick me up. It happens very often. But I have my own route home that I usually take. At school I can’t stop thinking about the designs. All day I think about how every year there are new patterns around the neighborhood. On my walk home I find myself going a different way. I walked to the main road of my town and went through the stores and candy shops. I’m out kinda late and it starts to get dark so I start walking home. Out of the corner of my eye I see a little old lady in all black walking out of an alley.
I say where I am as I watch her walk over to the snow. And she starts to draw. She has all these tools in the bag and I watch her make the most beautiful design. I stood there frozen, and then she looked up and saw me. I started to run away, but she called me back. She tells me how she loves doing the designs and she does it to brighten up the town and not lose its winter spirit. She tells me how she has been doing this since she was 17 years old for this town and she is very sick and she’s gonna pass soon. I get very upset because if she passes, our town will lose his spirit and she’s been such a big part of it.
She then proceeds to ask me to meet her at the town café tomorrow at 2 o’clock because she needs to ask me something special. I say OK and walk back to my house the next day I go after school and meet her at the café. She’s sitting there in the corner as I sit down, she says that she’s gonna teach me how to draw the designs and I’m gonna carry her legacy after she passes. I started to tear up and say that she can’t give it to me. I don’t know what to do but she said she’s gonna use the rest of her weeks to teach me. I asked her why she would choose me. I’m just a random girl, but she says she sees me always looking at the designs out of my window and she sees the potential in me.
The next few weeks she started to teach me how to make the designs and I started loving it. I practice every day and I love spending time with her. She’s really made my life so much better. Now me and her alternate days during designs for all of winter. I never really stood out and no one really saw me for me. But she does. She is always making sure I’m seen. We have coffee at the cafe every day after school. She always meets me there on time, never a second later. But today she was late. 15 minutes late. I started to worry why she was late. When it got to 20 minutes I left and went to where I thought she would be but she wasn’t there. I started to get very worried. I then got a text from her that she was in the hospital. My heart dropped. I ran to the hospital with tears running down my face.
When I got there she was still so full of life. She told me how she knew this day would come soon and she is so glad she found me and shared her gifts with me. She told me that when I get old I need to pass it down to the next one who has the winter spirit she saw in me. Then she told me how I can never tell anyone it’s me until I find the next person. I sat next to her for hours just talking to her and keeping her company wishing she had more time. I got up to get a drink and when I came back she was gone. It was like there was no one in the room. I looked around and asked every one I saw that worked at the hospital where she went but everyone thought I was crazy and there was never anyone registered under her name that was in the hospital. I was in shock. I started to run back to all the places we’ve been to asking the workers if they saw the lady with me and they all said they hadn’t.
I sat on a bench by myself, trying to think what had happened all these weeks    I drew my first design in the snow, and there was a note. She was magic and it was how she learned to get these done in time and she passed the magic over to me the moment she picked. I ran home and put the note under my bed. In the middle of the night I woke up and started to design my first pattern alone.
70 years later
I found her. I have found the girl I will pass my magic to and for her to carry on the winter spirit. I met her at the cafe everyday after she was done with school. She said the same thing I said the first time I was asked but she was happy to do it. And she was the last thing I saw before I faded away forever.