Winter Story
Winter Story
By Anonymous
It is the last day before Christmas break, December 19. There is this guy called Lucas who is tired of going to school in the cold and is excited to finally have Christmas break. Christmas is his favorite time of the year with all the Christmas lights, the decorations, the gifts, and the Christmas spirit.
He wakes up and goes to brush his teeth and sees instead of his toothbrush being in a normal cup, an elf was holding his toothbrush which got him in the Christmas mood. He ate his breakfast and went on his way to school and when he opened the door a massive wind storm hit his face. “Holy moly guacamole it’s cold” said Lucas but he still ran up to the bus station and made it just on time.
He entered school right as it began to snow. He met up with his friends near the door to enter class,” Yo Pat it was actually freezing outside right?” said Lucas. “Nah for real though I had to wear my jacket today” said Pat. Then one of their other friend’s came called Greg and said “Yo what’s good guys what are we gonna do this winter break”.
They talked for a while thinking about what they are going to do after school and who’s house they should go to. The bell starts to ring and everyone goes to their first class. Then lunch comes up and they all get their favorite lunch which for Greg is pizza, for Pat it is a burger with fries, and for Lucas it is Chinese food.
They all sit together and start discussing their class and what their grades are. They eat their lunch and head to their locker and boom the power shuts down. Everyone is freaking out because they don’t know what’s going on. Pat meets up with Lucas and then they hear teachers saying to head down to the auditorium which they listen and go down but realize that Greg is nowhere to be seen.
They head down and start asking people if they have seen Greg and start shouting his name all around the auditorium but no one speaks up or says anything. Pat and Lucas start to get worried and think maybe something might have happened to him. The principal walks in and the sun barely shines down on the window to enter the auditorium.
The principal announces how there is a massive snow storm happening outside and how they have to be in a lock down since the school cannot open the door to leave and let the kids out with all the snow. Lucas and Pat are pretty bummed out because that means they have to be in school for as much time as this snow storm has them trapped in the school, but then they realize that Greg is still missing so need a plan to go explore around the school without the teachers noticing them.
They somehow walk past the teachers without them seeing them and run up the stairs to the second floor. They check classrooms, closets, and even all the bathrooms, but then they hear someone banging on the door to one of the bathrooms. They call out Greg’s name and hear him screaming for help and then try to open the door but it was broken and had no way to open it.
They open one vent that leads to the bathroom. They went up the vent and crawled through it and tried to grab Greg’s hand but then somehow both of them fell out of the vent into the bathroom. They were screaming at each other and blaming Greg for getting stuck in the bathroom in the first place. They banged on the doors and were screaming for help but no one heard them.
They were all mad at each other and didn’t want to talk to anyone. After a while of just sitting they realized that no one would even check upstairs because no one was allowed to go upstairs so they planned on staying the night. They emptied out of all their pockets and all they had was two water and one granola bar. They tried to go through the vent but it was shut.
After all, the friends decided to make as much noise as possible so someone can hear them and know that they are stuck in the bathroom. They turned on the sinks, flushed the toilets, banged on the doors, screamed, and stomped on the floor. Even after all the noise, no one came. They realized that no one would come so they decided to try to sleep on the floor of the bathroom.
They started to fall asleep on the floor but then someone started to bang on the door. They woke up and heard people outside of the bathroom door calling their names. Greg woke up first, then Pat, the Lucas, and they heard that the people that were calling their names were the teachers and their family members. The teachers were waiting on the janitor to get the keys to open the bathroom.
The group of friends were so happy that they finally got to leave the smelly bathroom. They gathered all their stuff and were ready to leave. Outside of the door they heard people screaming the janitor's name and heard keys jingling and what felt like forever the door unlocked and all the friends escaped the bathroom and hugged their families.
The teachers asked them why they were in the bathroom in the first place when they weren’t even supposed to be upstairs but they explained how they were just looking for their friend Greg who still hadn’t explained how he got sucked there. Greg said that he was in the bathroom alone while the power shut out and then the door just got jammed which didn’t let him leave.
After everything, everyone went home and Christmas vacation finally came and the friends were very ready and happy for this vacation.