Winter Story
Winter Story
By Neil Gillings
It was a Wednesday 5 days before Christmas , Nate had mixed feelings. Christmas hasn’t 
	always been so jolly and giving as it seems for Nate, he’s always been told from his parents 
	that Santa would give you all the presents in the world, but for Nates mature 11-year old mind 
	he knows that all ain’t true. He had a buddy named Kyle. Kyle wasn’t the active type, but still 
	up when Mr. Colby made them run suicides. It was now 4 days before Christmas and Nate 
	noticed something was off. Nate lives in moovile which is a town next to the South Pole. They 
	were all about Christmas, like all about it, we’re talking lights on cars, Santa logos on bars, 
	everything was Christmas. So it was odd when Nate saw frowns on everyone’s faces and no 
	Christmas feeling. Something was up, and with only 4 days left before Christmas  time was 		
	waiting for no one. He went to Kyle and mentioned the crisis. Kyle responded with a statement 
	that left Nate thinking. “ for someone who doesn’t think Santa is real, you care quite a lot about 
	Christmas”. “ we’ll don’t you want presents and hot chocolate on a cold snowy morning” Nate 
	replied. Yes of course but how are we gonna save Christmas. We assemble a team.
Christmas Eve ,  Nate and Kyle are trying to form a team. They first scan out the friend 
	groups. Nerds they got brains, football team they would probably think were crazy, so Nate 		
	stopped and mentioned that maybe they should look for individuals. So they did and with time 
	on the chopping board it made things rushed, but not so that they found a girl named Lucy.
	she was on the debate team. Smart, funny and scary. But with this team they collaborated on 
	how to save Christmas.
Lucy brought up a tradition her family does to get Santa to give her 
	more presents. Put milk and cookies outside her back door. Nate and Kyle were iffy at first but 
	due to time they went along. They took a glass of milk and some cookies and placed it on 
	outside the back doorstep. They waited. 3:55 am eyes barely open Lucy hears creek in the 
	door. “ is that… Santa?! They rush out and hop in the sled and bring up to Santa why is 
	Christmas so odd this year? They were told that it’s your Christmas spirit and thanks them for 
	treat as he vanished.
Nate thinking about what kyle said before. That’s it. Nate sprints outside.
	he goes into a store and gets a bunch of lights to put around the town. It’s now Christmas and 	
	Nate sees that everyone is happy and seeing the Christmas spirt that Santa was talking about 
	all along, and Nate wil forever love Christmas.