Winter Story
Winter Story
By Anonymous
It is the afternoon on Christmas Eve snow is falling down outside and 3 siblings are up in their room talking about how they are going to catch Saint Nick this holiday.
“I hope I get a pony” Lucy exclaims. “I really want to meet Santa Claus” Maddie says. James hears the footsteps coming up the stairs “SHHHH” he says as the door swings open.
It’s their mom coming upstairs to ask them something “Hey guys what are you doing?” “Oh nothing” James says as he puts on a smile.
”Oh ok well I was wondering if you guys would like to help me make Christmas cookies” says their mom. “YAYYYYY” says Maddie and Lucy as they quickly run down the stairs. James follows behind his sisters.
As they are downstairs making cookies they continue building their plan on how they are going to capture and meet Santa Claus. James warns them they must be careful because Santa is known to be tricky.
“Alright kids time for bed” Their mom calls from across the living room “Okay!” They all say as Lucy sneaks one last cookie upstairs. All of them get into their beds but they’re eyes stay wide open. They know they are going to meet Santa Claus tonight.
They wait wide awake in their beds for about an hour when they hear jingle bells and a thud on the roof. Maddie hops out of bed and says “come on guys” “Shhhh” James says “be very quiet if he knows we are awake he wont come inside so be careful.”
Maddie and Lucy start tiptoeing out the door and into the hallway towards the stairs. Maddie gets to the stairs first and sees Santa Claus at the bottom of the stairs putting presents under their tree. James looks at him wide eyed and watches.
As Santa soon finishes his presents for them he goes back up the chimney and goes to some other house in their neighborhood. James looks at the presents and makes a split second decision.
“Come on!” He says as he sprints out the house. Maddie and Lucy look confused but they run after him “wait up!” Maddie says running out the door. James sees Santa’s sleigh on the road and quickly runs to get in the back Lucy and Maddie follow after him and James helps