Stuck in Kaldia
Stuck in Kaldia
A Winter Story
A couple went on a trip to Hawaii and got pulled into a portal that teleported them to a snowy tundra named Kaldia.
Jane and Mike Harmon are a couple from New York that decided to go on a trip to Hawaii. Their plane leaves in 5 hours ,yet they haven’t packed any bags. “Honey, have you forgotten we are leaving in an hour?” Says Jane who sees her husband still in his pajamas. Jane rushes Mike to get ready, and manages to leave in time. They rush over to the airport and try to make their plane due to it departing early.
They ran through the airport like they were trying to win a marathon, pushing people out of their way. Jane pointed to a sign that says “Gate 26 to the left.” “This way Mike!” Mike sighs and says “I thought we were supposed to be relaxed.” “Just pick up the pace and let's get to the gate in time so we don't miss it.” The announcement says “Last call for flight 397 to Honolulu.” Hurry up Mike we are going to be late” screams Jane. They ended up making it in time right before they closed the doors. The beginning of the flight seemed normal, the sky was a bright blue, no clouds in sight, and the plane flew smoothly, until the sky started to dim. It first looked like a regular cloud, but then it kept growing and turned darker. It covered the whole plane so the pilot could not see, so they ended up crashing in a snowy tundra.
After the crash, Jane opened her eyes and looked out her window. She became extremely shocked when she saw she was in an empty plane with just her and her husband and saw a tundra out her window.. A cold, snowy tundra. She shakes Mike to wake up, and tells him to look out the window. Mike says “what happened? We are supposed to go to Hawaii, not some snowy tundra.” “No kidding,” Jane replied. “Kaldia? Where is that? I have never heard of that place before.” says Mike. They walk outside the plane looking for a place to stay warm. In their search, they come across footprints, except these were too big to be human, but not animal shaped. “Let’s pretend we didn't see those,” Mike whispered.
They see a figure far out, someone wearing thick fur clothing, and holding a glowing lantern one one hand, and an ice staff. The figure walked up to them, took their hood off, revealing a young girl with blue eyes. “You’re not from here are you?” says the girl. “Um no we are not. We were on a plane to Hawaii and ended up here.” says Mike. “A portal pulled you into Kaldia. They don't open that often.” says the girl. “Is it easy to get back?” says Jane. “No, but it is possible. Come with me into my house and I will help you guys.” They followed her into a village, with small wooden homes. They were led into a warm cabin. “My name is Risha,” says the girl. “The portal brings outsiders in when something is messed up in the universe. Something must have happened to the Kaldia stone.” “What is that?” Jane asked. “The source of winter here. When it weakens, a portal opens because it needs help.” “But why did it choose us?” says Mike “Kadia chooses those who work well together and you two were the only ones that survived.” “So what do we do now?” Jane asked. Risha points towards a huge mountain. “The Kaldia stone is inside that mountain. You must fix it, or the portal will never open again.”
They started their journey through the icy forests, across frozen lakes, and slippery cliffs. Jane’s plan and Mike’s instincts helped them get there safely. At last, they reached the mountain. They found the stone inside, with a crack down the middle leaking its energy. Using Risha’s instructions and their skills, they were able to seal the crack and restore the energy. The ground started to shake, and made them all scared. “The portal home is open!” Risha said. Jane went up to her and hugged her. “Thank you for helping us survive and get home!” “Thank you for saving Kaldia,” Risha replied.
Jane and Mike walked through the portal, and rolled onto a beach in Honolulu with their luggage with them. “We made it!” says Jane. they both laughed, both in relief, and disbelief. A couple walked by and gave them an odd look, but besides that, nobody seemed to notice that they had just fallen out of a portal. Jane noticed something heavy in her pocket. She reached inside and pulled it out. It was a shard of ice. “Mike, this was not here before.” Mike in shock said “You kept a piece of the stone?” “I didn’t mean to! It must have attached itself to me when the portal pulled us out.” Jane says. The shard flashed brighter, and then, a huge humming sound echoed across the sky. Jane, scared, grabbed Mike’s arm and said “Did you hear that?” Yes. Definitely yes.” They looked around and saw nobody else reacting. Children were playing in the sand, parents unpacking towels. Everyone around them seems to be unbothered. A voice whispered, not aloud, but in Jane’s mind “The balance is not complete.” Jane gasped and dropped the shard in the sand. “What? What happened?” Mike asked. “It… it said, it said the balance isn't complete. The shard was glowing so bright that Mike had to look away and close his eyes.
After checking into their hotel, Jane placed the shard on the nightstand making the room glow blue. Mike, pacing back and forth, asks Jane “Do you think the portal could reopen?” “It already opened once,” she said. “Maybe it will happen again, but who knows.” Right after she said that, the shard vibrated, and a crack started to appear along the side of it. They got scared, and went to throw it in the ocean. She went back inside, but on her way, she saw a young couple pick it up. The curse was passed onto them, letting Jane and Mike live happily without having to deal with this curse anymore.