Bobble’s Christmas Adventure
Bobble’s Christmas Adventure
A Winter Story
Once upon a time, there was a penguin named Bobble. She was the friendliest and most enjoyable penguin to be around. One day, she woke up and it was already Christmas Eve. How time flies; just yesterday it felt like summer had just started. She realizes she has forgotten to buy gifts for her siblings.
Bobble gets out of bed and rushes out of her room. She runs around the house trying to find Mama Pibble. Bobble checks the living room, kitchen, and bathroom. She finally realizes Mama Pibble is still asleep. Bobble makes her way to Mama Pibble’s room. At her room, Bobble shakes her mom trying to wake her up. Mama Pibble wakes up annoyed. Bobble then explains her situation.
Her mom then realizes she had also forgotten to buy gifts for her friends. Mama Pibble jumps out of bed yelling at Bobble to go change. Once both of them are changed, they rush to the car and drive to Icicle Mall. At Icicle Mall, the crowds are crazy because it’s Christmas Eve. Everyone was out shopping for gifts last minute. There were bright decorations everywhere and Christmas music blasting through the speakers.
Everywhere had some sort of Christmas spirit. It was either a tree decorated with glowing ornaments, or sparkly lights. There was one thing that stood out for Bobble though— it was a glowing door that said “SANTA AND ELVES WORKSHOP STAFF ONLY.” She wouldn’t keep her eyes off it throughout her whole mall trip.
Bobble finally decides to explore what was behind the door while Mama Pibble was distracted shopping. While Mama Pibble was looking at a dress, Bobble secretly waddled out of the store. Right across the store was the door. A sign hung from the handle: “DO NOT ENTER.” She stared at the sign for a few seconds before pulling the handle and slipping inside.
Inside the room were elves running around and toys everywhere in each corner. On the floor were cookie crumbs left by a clumsy elf. Bobble loved cookies so she couldn’t resist following the trail of crumbs. While she waddled, she bumped into the wrapping paper machine. Suddenly, the machine came to life. In a second, the machine grabbed her like a present and wrapped her in shiny red paper, finishing with a green bow on her belly.
Bobble tried to shout but the paper around her made it hard. Two elves rushed over to her to see what was going on. One of them said “What did the machine get this time?” They both looked down and saw a penguin. The elves stared. Bobble stared back through a tiny hole in the paper.
The other elf said “We’ll fix this after our break. I need some cookies.” But none of them noticed when another elf was doing gift deliveries. She grabbed the wrapped penguin, read the wrong tag, and tossed Bobble into the bag for Santa’s sleigh.
That night, the air outside was a cold breeze and stars glittered like diamonds. Santa climbed into his sleigh and checked his list. The sleigh then drove away into the clouds and stars. Bobble tumbled around the giant gift sack, rolling into stuffed animals and toy cars. She tried to break free but she was stuck with all the gifts on top of her.
After many hours, the sleigh finally glided toward a little house with bright Christmas decorations around the whole house. Santa reaches into the bag and pulls out Bobble still wrapped. He carefully places Bobble under the tree and whispers “Have a Merry Christmas.” Santa then heads back up the chimney leaving Bobble under the tree.
After a long time of waiting, it was finally Christmas Day. Emma rushed out her room in her Christmas-themed pajamas. She yells “MOM DAD! There are so many presents!” Emma goes straight for the biggest gift wrapped with red shiny paper and a big green bow. She shook her present and it wiggled back.
Emma tore the paper open and a penguin rolled out. She screams. Bobble screams. Bobble chirps softly and tilts her head. Emma’s fear goes away and she yells “MOM DAD SANTA GOT ME A PENGUIN!” Her parents come and freeze.
Meanwhile on Christmas Eve, Mama Pibble realizes Bobble has gone missing. She’s in panic and rushes to the nearest mall office. Mama Pibble explains the whole story and suddenly the mall loudspeakers come alive: “Attention shoppers! A penguin named Bobble has gone missing. Please be aware of your surroundings and report any sightings immediately!” The mall is in chaos all looking for the missing penguin.
At the workshop, the two elves that saw Bobble hear this alert from the loudspeakers. They immediately tell Santa what happened to Bobble. Santa realizes he’s already delivered Bobble to a house. He tells his elves he has to wait until tomorrow to get Bobble back because his reindeers have to rest.
On the night of Christmas Day, Santa hops onto his big sleigh and goes off to Emma’s little house having one goal in mind: getting back Bobble. Hovering over Emma’s house, Santa uses his magic and Bobble magically appears in Santa’s arms. Bobble is startled and jumps out of his arms. She looks around realizing she’s on a sleigh in the sky.
All Santa says is “You are safe now, don’t worry.” Bobble looks scared but Santa reassures her she’s okay. They both head back to Icicle Mall. In the morning, Mama Pibble comes to Icicle Mall to pick up Bobble. Mama Pibble runs to Bobble and hugs her tight. “I missed you, don't ever run off like that again. I was so worried and couldn’t sleep.”
Bobble just looks at her mom and says “I’m sorry.” On the inside, Bobble was happy that her Christmas was spent like this. It was an adventure she had always dreamed of. Bobble and Mama Pibble finally head home. From now on, her mom makes sure Bobble doesn’t go out of her sight anymore.