Winter Story
Winter Story
By Cassandra McCarthy
Once upon a time, a girl named Eira was lying around, reading by the fireplace, before her mother came into the room. “Eira.” Her mother said. “I need you to go get your brother from outside.” “Why can’t Dad get him?” Eira complained. “Because your father is trying to shovel all the snow from the driveway. Now go get your brother, dinner’s almost ready.”
So Eira reluctantly threw on her coat, put on her shoes, and ran outside. “Dylan! Dylan! Mom said it’s time to eat dinner!” But Dylan was nowhere to be found. As Eira walked through the forest, she kept seeing shadows moving around her. “Dylan, this isn’t funny! Mom’s gonna kill me if you don’t come inside now!” But there was no response.
As she was walking, she saw a cabin, hidden behind the crowded trees. “I don’t remember this being here,” Eira thought to herself. “Maybe Dylan went to go check who created this cabin!” So, she ran towards the cabin.
As Eira stopped in front of the cabin, she slowly brought her fist up to the door, knocking three times. There was shuffling behind the door, before an older woman, with a red and white dress, opened it. “Oh! Hello Sweetie!” “Hi Miss! I was just wondering if you’ve seen my brother walk by here?” Eira said with a smile. “No,” the woman replied, “My husband may have seen him though. Would you like to come in while I go get him?”
Eira paused, remembering her mothers words about never going into random people’s houses, but decides the woman looks nice enough. “That would be amazing! Thank you!” The woman opened the door some more and stepped aside. “Make yourself comfortable, dear.”
As she said this, Eira looked around in amazement. The house had Christmas decorations everywhere. The colorful lights strung around the room were blinking red and green, with wreaths covering the walls of the room. The fireplace was radiating warmth, providing a sense of comfort, even if Eira still didn’t know where her brother was. She saw photos covering the walls, pictures of the woman (who she still didn’t know the name of) and her husband, pictures of reindeers, and pictures of… elves?
The woman walked back in with an even older man behind her. The plump man had a long white beard, rosy cheeks, and twinkling eyes that seemed to know everything. The man looked her up and down, and a big smile crossed his face. “Ah! Eira Morgan! What could I do for you?”
“How do you know my name? I never told your wife my name!” Eira exclaimed, already backing closer to the door. “I know everything about you,” the man says, “I am Santa Claus after all!”
“WHAT?!” Eira screams, “But-but Santa Claus isn’t real!”
Mr. and Mrs. Claus laughed at that. “Well of course I’m real! Now what did I hear about Dylan being missing?”
“Well he went outside to play in the snow for like an hour, but then my mom told me I needed to get him for dinner. So I came outside to come get him but he wasn’t here. And then I saw your cabin and I thought ‘Oh I've never seen this before, maybe Dylan’s in here,’ but he isn’t so I’m really worried about him.” Eira pushed out in one breath.
Mr. and Mrs. Claus looked at each other with concern in their eyes before Mrs. Claus said “Eira… What do you know about ice monsters?”
“Ice monsters?” Eira repeated, horrified, “You think my brother was taken by an ICE MONSTER?”
“Now Eira we aren’t completely sure, but there have been sightings of Ice Giants and Ice Golems all around the world. It is a high possibility that one of them saw him as a threat and took him away to their lair.”
Eira looked up at Santa Claus with tears in her eyes, “Can you help me get him back?” “Oh of course I can Eira,” Santa said with a smile, “And I’m sure some of the others can too!”
“The others?”
“Oh yes! The elves, the reindeer, the snowpeople! Everyone will be willing to help!”
As he was saying this, Santa began to walk away to the back of the house, “Come along Eira! We must go get your brother back!”
Eira runs to catch up with Santa before looking out the back window. There were 9 reindeer running around in the yard, with elves cheering them on. Other elves were making snow angels, and others were talking to the different snowmen. Eira was entranced by the sparkling lights and the joy that was occurring around her.
Everyone stopped when Santa cleared his throat, turning to stare at him, and subsequently her. “Whose that?” One of the elves in the back asked.
“Everyone, this is Eira. She came here looking for her brother, Dylan, but can not find him. Mrs. Claus and I think that the Ice Monsters took him.” There were gasps from all the elves and the snowpeople. “ So she needs all of our help to get him back.”
One of the elves (who introduced himself as Buddy) set out to help Eira make a plan. “The lair is on top of the mountain, so you’ll go up first, demanding to see your brother. Then all the elves will come in with all the snow people, and lastly Santa will come in with the reindeer!!”
“But you will need to dress warmer than that,” One of the snowmen, who Eira thinks is Frosty, said, “Come on we can go get you a larger jacket.” So, they did, along with gloves and a hat.
“Ok. We’re all ready to go up the mountain, whenever you are Eira.” One of the other elves declared. “Let’s go then.” Eira said with determination.
As they ventured up the mountain, Eira started to wonder how she got into this situation. One minute she was at home, the next she's trying to rescue her brother from an evil Ice Giant. “Ok. We’re here.” Santa declares after only 20 minutes.
Eira takes one step forward, and pushes open the giant doors that her brother will hopefully be behind. As she steps forward, she sees her brother, but not in pain like she expected. “Dylan?”
“EIRA!!” her brother shouts with pure joy. “Come join me and Marshmallow in the snow!!” Murmurs go through the crowd of elves.
“Dylan.. Are you PLAYING WITH ICE GIANTS??” Eira screams.
“Yea they saved me from falling in the lake.”
“THE LAKE?”
“Oh yea. Wait, what time is it? Did Mom finish dinner yet?”
Eira stood there for one second before running at her younger brother. “Dylan you idiot! Why were you close enough that you could fall into the lake?”
Almost as an afterthought she added, “And yes, Mom is ready with dinner but I needed to get you first.”
“Oh she’s going to kill us when we get back.”
“Santa.. Do you think you can bring us back to our home?”
“Oh of course dear children. Here, get in the sleigh.”
So, they say goodbye to all their new friends and climb into the sleigh, where Santa immediately takes off, landing near the edge of the forest.
“Goodbye Santa!!” Both Eira and Dylan cry out as he races away.
“So..” Dylan starts. “Wanna race to the house?”
“Oh you're on.” Eira smirks.
THE END