A Christmas Catastrophe
A Christmas Catastrophe
The Beginning
It was December 21st, Danny’s parents were sleeping soundly and his sister is always fast asleep by now, the lights were off and no one would catch him sneaking out to look for where his parents were hiding the presents. You see, Danny knows that the presents have to be somewhere that is isolated, somewhere  that no one would ever look. Danny had no clue where that place may be until he had a sudden realization, “Aha! If they really want to hide the presents, they’ll be inside that old crawlspace!” The crawlspace was noticeably old, it was coated by 4 layers of paint peeling off, the newest of which had been painted over by his parents when they moved in 5 years ago. The crawlspace was very creaky also, making loud sounds in the middle of the night waking up his entire family many times, this was also the only way that he could be caught in the act, if that old thing dared to creak when he opened the small door he would surely be done for. However, after minutes of consideration he decided to tip toe down the stairs and scurry across the kitchen floor into the living room where he stood for 1 more minute, reconsidering his thoughts he found even more reasons to get in there and peek.“What if it’s that PC I wanted so badly?”, “what if its tickets to Tampa so I can watch the Lightning play?”, “What if there’s nothing in there and I look dumb? but to who? NOBODY! I gotta get in there before my parents wake up!” Now without a second thought the kid opened up the small creaky door and crawled in.
The Crawlspace
The crawlspace was pitch black, dark and creepy but Danny kept crawling until he hears a loud creak and a slam echo down the crawlspace, it stops him in his tracks and a shiver runs down his spine, stomach churning, he looked over his shoulder to see the door close. “Well, it’s not them thankfully” he says “I came this far” Danny begins to crawl again down the pitch black crawlspace until he sees a small light. “What the heck is that!” Danny thinks whilst his curiosity is getting the better of him practically forcing through the crawlspace, as he gets closer he wonders “Why is the crawlspace so long?”, “it didn’t turn once… so where does it go?” By now Danny knew that there was no chance that the presents were there but he decided to keep going as he was getting closer and closer to the light. By now it felt like 20 minutes but the light was now glimmering and dancing in a golden yellow bathing the dark end of the seemingly infinite crawlspace. Eventually, Danny reached the end in all of its glory, it was as bright as the sun must be if you are standing on top of it, Danny stands up and walks through the light.
Rome: 135 AD; Danny’s POV
I was through, finally, I’ve been crawling for ages, my eyes still hurt from the contrast of the dark crawlspace and the bright portable sun that was beaming into my eyes, but otherwise, I’m fine. As my eyes fully adjust I look up at the sky, beautifully blue with clouds dotted around and not a chill in the air, in fact it was pretty warm outside with slight humidity in the air, as I navigate my eyes downward I notice that the infrastructure is nothing of this time era, in fact, it reminds me of the Roman infrastructure that I’ve admired in Italian class. I look back at where I came out of the crawlspace only to see just a brick wall behind me stretching around whatever town this is, “where am I?” I ask myself as I see it on the horizon, I look in awe and admiration of it, “woooow” I say as I can’t hold back anymore, this is what it must’ve looked like at the golden ages of Rome, what I was seeing was the colosseum. I navigated through crowds of merchants, soldiers, and everyday citizens until I reached it, the colleseum, the place I’ve only dreamed of seeing, and at its full glory also. It glimmered in the light and was as loud and energetic as a rock concert due to the constant cheers and roars of the crowd. I was amazed and impressed, stunned and shocked, excited to show my family and friends the pictures when I get back, wait…,” HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO GET BACK?!” Instead of awe, I felt nothing but sickness, I was about to miss my favorite holiday and possibly never see my family or friends again, my mind thought of every possible way to get out but there is none, the portal disappeared when I came out so that’s out of the picture, but how else would I be able to leave? “Well, there was no way out so I might as well get situated so that I’ll be alive when there is a way out” I thought, and I was right…
As I walked back to where I came out of to look for more clues, I noticed that I kept seeing a certain face over and over again in every post and crowd I passed, it was a face that was worn down and wrinkled with short white hair on its head and a smirk that made me feel more and more uneasy as I saw it more and more in crowds until everyone was him, not knowing what to do I ran into a gloomy and obviously abandoned building.
The Wise Old Man
As I walked deeper into the creaky and gloomy old building, I Iooked back only to see what seemed like emptiness, puzzled, I continued walking for ages until I saw a lone altar with the man standing behind it looking accomplished and excited behind his old and tired eyes. I wanted to run but I was tired after walking the whole day so I stayed to listen to what he said. “Young lad, you seemed to be afraid of me as I was observing you through the crowds” says the old man “Well have you ever seen someone who isn’t afraid of a creep like you!” I clap back “You don’t understand do you” He says in a humorous tone, “I know what happened to you when you went through that crawlspace Danny!” Now he’s creeping me out “Wh-who are you? And how do you know my name?” I managed to muster out “How wouldn’t I know you” he replies “what does that mean?” I say  “I am the past owner who sold this house to you” He finally replies. “Ok so what does that even mean to us escaping this place” I start with “I’ve been looking around for quite a while and haven’t found it but you have” he says “Found what?” I say in a confusing way “This place right here, didn’t you notice the abnormal size of this house since it was just a speck on the outside compared to the inside of this place” he says “So what do we do to get back to OUR time period and not another one” I say expecting no answer, but instead he pulls out a huge book, opens it, and turns to a certain page. “According to the book, you have to give up something of value that you own.” Before contemplating, I asked the man where he got the book and he replied that it was given to him by the previous owner before him, meaning, this may not be true. After thinking I thought that there was no harm in trying, but, I had no clue what I had that means anything to me, until I realized that the main thing that was of value to me was the presents that I ended up in here looking for so I spoke my offering of all of my presents into the void.
Back To Normal (Sorta)
I hoped for the best as I ran into the abyss and ended up running for ages through nothing trying to speed home so I wouldn’t miss Christmas Eve or Day. As I saw the insanely bright light once again I ran faster and faster with more and more adrenaline whilst praying that when I ran into that portable sun of a light I would be in my warm and cozy house running into my mom and dads warm embrace when they finally found me after looking all over the place. Finally I approached the bright light and walked through it. Again my eyes took a long time to adjust but when I looked around I saw my house with my decorations and my family waking up from bed. I hurried in quickly and ran to their bedroom to tell them that I’m here again and that the long worry is over whilst talking about what an insane thing happened to me. I started first by saying “wake up mom and dad! I’m back!” Excitedly and tiredly in which both my parents said “from where?” With a puzzled look on their faces “I then told them that its had to been days and told them about my amazing and insane journey when my mom said “That’s a wonderful dream you had there but we’re trying to wake up!” It all clicked then and there, they had no clue I was missing because time is wonky and I arrived at December 22nd at 3:00AM. This means that I was talking to a wall unless I showed them my picture from there but when I looked at it, it was just a faded white photo. At the end the Christmas Catastrophe was diverted but now I look crazy to my parents. “Well if that’s it then its a very Merry Chris-“ “WHERE DID ALL OF YOUR PRESENTS GO DANIEL!” My dad yelled “ohhh” I forgot about that. “Well this is truly a Christmas Catastrophy” I sigh.
© 2025 — A Christmas Catastrophe | Story Website