Winter Story
Winter Story
By Your Name
Once upon a time there was this little boy named Anthony. He lived in this small town called Ginga Massachusetts. He always liked to go outside with his friends and play sports. It was 1 day before Christmas Eve and Anthony went to sleep excited for it to be Christmas tomorrow.
While he was sleeping he had this dream that someone was waiting for him in the forest near his house. He stands up out of his bed and walks out of his room towards the door outside. He opens the door and starts walking to the forest. While he is walking towards the forests he sees a reindeer trying to guide him. He follows the reindeer and it guides him all the way through the woods.
When the reindeer stops he sees this big lighted up house in the middle of nowhere.Anthony was shocked and questioned himself if he should have gone here. He was really nervous and didn’t really know what to do. Once he had a thought to himself he started walking towards the front of the house. The front of the house was the most lit up part of the house. There was this big candy cane door which was way taller than Anthony. He pushed the door open and stepped inside the house.
When he stepped foot into the big house he was stunned by what was inside. There was this big staircase that went up to the second floor and there were so many decorations everywhere. When he walked down the hallway he entered the living room. The living room was huge! It had this big tree at least 15 feet tall and this fireplace that kept the house so warm and cozy to stay in. There was also this small secret door right next to the fireplace. Anthony had no idea where it would lead to. He thought to himself if he should go down there and see what is down there. He was kinda nervous but he went down anyways.
He opened the door and saw a staircase that leads to the basement. He slowly started walking down the stairs and when he was walking down he heard this sound. He had no idea what the sound was or where it came from. He hesitated a little if he should go down. He wasn’t gonna go down but he was interested in what the sound was and where it came from. When he reached the basement there were three rooms that leaded to different places. The first room he went to was covered all in candy canes. It was a small room to the left of the basement. The second room he went to was a little different and odd. It was a lot darker in this room than the other room he went to. This room had a time travel machine in it. Anthony was really interested in what would happen to him if he went through it. He decided to go through it.
When he stepped foot in it it automatically put him in a tunnel above the ground which he traveled really fast in. He was really shocked by what was happening and the things he saw while he was in the tunnel. He saw many northern lights and it was snowing really hard thinking he was near the North Pole. He thought the tunnel would never stop until the tunnel just took a turn and he jumped and landed on the ground. Anthony had no idea where he was right now. He saw snowy peaks and many green northern lights surrounding him everywhere. He didn’t know where to go until he saw this small green and red person standing not too far from him. He walked towards the person and when he got close to it he realized that it was an elf. It was an older elf and he asked how he got here. Anthony told him how he got here and the elf said do you want to come to our village?
Anthony told him yea sure. The elf and Anthony were walking for about 20 minutes in the cold until they reached a village named Hooverville. The village was really beautiful and big. Anthony saw thousands of other elves and many shops where the elves were making toys. All the elves said welcome to Hooverville and welcome to the North Pole when they saw Anthony. Anthony knew he was in the North Pole. The elves name who guided him there was named nick. He was a really chill and helpful elf. Nick showed Anthony around the village and showed how the elves were making toys for the kids. They were getting ready to hand out to the kids tomorrow on Christmas Eve. Nick also showed Anthony a big red building called Santa’s workshop.
They went inside the building and the first thing Anthony saw was a big man in a red coat. It is Santa! Anthony couldn’t believe his eyes. He went up to Santa and gave him a big hug. Santa asked what are you doing here. He responded with I got teleported here. Santa was in shock but let him stay in the village. He also said Christmas is tomorrow and that is the biggest day for us in our calendar. He asked Anthony if he would like to go with him tomorrow on the sleigh with his reindeer and hand out gifts to the children. Anthony said of course and got ready for the big day tomorrow.
He spent the night in this cabin and woke up excited the next day. He still couldn’t believe this was happening. He got up and went straight to Santa’s workshop where he met Santa. They got ready the whole day until it was time to go. Anthony, Santa, and some other elves went to the sleigh. Guiding the sleigh were these beautiful 9 reindeer. There was also this big red bag full of gifts for the young boys and girls.Santa made sure everything was okay and off they went to deliver the gifts to all the young kids in the world.
© 2025 Winter Story