Winter Story
Winter Story
by You
As Elena watched the first snowfall of the year, she admired how the little snowflakes collected on the trees to make one big blob of white. Her favorite season was winter, however sometimes she felt overlooked. She didn’t have any friends, and she would much rather read than go to a party. Which was unusual for a 16 year old.
When Elena heard a knock on the door she goes to see what to could be. When the wooden door opens with a swing she sees a brown paper wrapped present. It has no return address, but it was addressed to her. She grabbed it and went inside to open it.
As she peeked inside the box she saw a beautiful snow globe. It was a small winter village. There were brick red roads and little lampposts, even a hot cocoa cart. But the one thing that stuck out was a person standing in the square in a red coat. As Elena shook the snow globe the snow fell and looked real, too real.
.     .    .
As Elena was falling asleep that night she felt dizzy. Almost like she was spinning downwards. When she opened her eyes she was in a pile of snow. When she stood up she called out. But no one was there. She had been walking around for an hour now and it hadn’t stopped snowing. She had been moving in circles. Seeing the same three houses, and the world was quiet, almost eery. There is no sun and no moon. Almost a grey light.
Eventually the figure in the red coat approaches her. His name is Rowan and he looks about her age. She questions him about the town and why it seems creepy. He explains that she is now in the snow globe she had received on her doorstep that day. He also revealed that everyone in the town lives everyday over again in a continuous loop. He was the only one who had to face the reality that he was stuck there forever, and he was lonely. Nobody else knew him. All that replayed was the first day he had entered the snow globe.
Elena told him how lucky he was. To know everyone and not need them. She always felt pressure to be like everyone else. But he disagreed with her.
“I thought the same as you, Elena.” He said, “But I was given a choice, and I picked this. I picked to stay here. And I have been for 50 winters. I miss my family. I used o just want to be by myself and not need anyone. But I miss everyone. No one here knows me, nor do they care about me.” He had a frown on his face and it seemed like a warning Elena should’ve taken. But instead she disregarded it.
“It might’ve been like that for you, Rowan. But you have no idea how much I want this. To just be on my own. And don’t worry, you don’t have to be alone now, you have me. So show me everything there is to do here!” She had a smile on her face and Rowan just shook his head, because she had no idea what she was getting herself into.
“Okay, follow me.” And he grabbed her arm and led the way for them to explore the place he knew so well. The tiny place he had been confined to for most of his life.
As they were carrying around hot cocoa Rowan was showing Elena all the places to do things in town.
“Here is the hill people can slide down, the one shopping store, the same one hot cocoa stand, and now we are back to the beginning.” He sounded bored while he gave her a tour of the place.
“This place is so cozy Rowan! It’s just Christmas break forever, why do you sound so bored? I’ve dreamed of this place forever.” She looked around admiring the town, “Come on, let’s make snow angels!”
Rowan looked hesitant, “Please!!” Begged Elena.
Rowan gave in and they made snow angels. But the more fun she was having, the more worried he was for her decision. The decision she didn’t know would change her whole life.
“So,” Rowan began, “Now is the time that I ask you if you have made a decision.”
“A decision about what?” Elena asked.
“If you would like to stay here forever, or go back home to your family and the people who care about you.”
“Oh, I love it here!” Elena replied, “I’ll stay here.”
Elena stopped and thought about it. She imagined drinking hot cocoa, sledding, playing in the snow, and never having to go to school. It seemed like a dream. She didn’t have to worry about fitting in because no one knew her, and they wouldn’t remember her the next day. It was everything she ever wanted. Her dream would come true.
“I want to stay here, Rowan. I love it here. It’s like a Christmas wonderland where-”
“Where Christmas never comes.” Interrupted Rowan.
“What do you mean?” asked Elena, “It’s Christmas all year round.”
“No,” said Rowan, “It’s Christmas season all year round. The anticipation of Christmas, the preparing. The truth is, if you say yes to this offer. You will never experience a real Christmas again.”
Elena looked saddened by this. If she stayed here in this “perfect” world, she would never experience a Christmas again. But maybe it was worth it. Maybe she doesn’t need one Christmas again, she just needs the season, and a friend.
“I would still like to stay.” said Elena.
“Okay,” said Rowan, “if that’s your decision.” He paused. “but there is one more thing I would like to show you.”
“Okay,” said Elena “What is it?”
What he pulls out of his pocket is a snow globe. It’s a little blank from this angle. But it makes Elena curious. What could possibly be in this snow globe? When Rowan hands it to her she sees a memory. A flashback of her opening Christmas presents as a child with her family. She looks so happy, and so do they. It’s a memory she has always had. It’s why she loves Christmas. It was never about the cookies, it was about who you were making them with. Suddenly, the snow globe turns black, then she sees a different image. It’s her family opening Christmas presents only she’s not there, and they all look miserable.
“Why are they so sad?” Asked Elena. Maeve is very stupid
“Because they don’t have their favorite part of Christmas.” Answered Rowan, “And I don’t think you’ll have your favorite part of Christmas either if you aren’t with your family.”
“You’re right, Rowan. I want to go home. It will never be Christmas without my family.”
“I’m so glad you know that.” Said Rowan. And just like that, he returned her to her house safe and sound, where she could celebrate the holidays not alone. but with the people she loves most. Her family.