Rediet's Christmas Story
Rediet’s Wild Christmas Adventure
Once upon a time there was this girl named Rediet. (She was a very dumb stupid girl) She entered her house after Mr. Demarco gave her private tutoring lessons since she got a 100 and not a 103 on her last biology test (she’s a dork). Her mom is at the door.
“Rediet I heard you got a 100, not a 103!?” her mother yells with grief. “Give me your AirPods I need to listen to Ethiopian beats.” Rediet reluctantly gives her mother her AirPods. She goes into her bright pink painted room.
She goes on Instagram to receive more attention from guys when she checks her Instagram messages and finds an invitation to a Christmas party happening in Woodhaven (the hood). She says “Wow at that party I can get more attention from dudes I totally have to go!”.
Although a problem arises—her mother is really strict and she doesn’t know if she is free that day. She checks to make sure that it isn’t a Wednesday schedule. It’s not! The only problem now is that her mom will probably not let her go because she is strict. She decides to sneak out. She gets her phone and puts on clothes (not winter clothes, she is not smart enough). The time comes for her to sneak out.
She decides to literally just jump out the window, not even opening it, she just broke it. She is freezing since it is snowing outside. As she walks through the streets filled with holiday cheer she sees children singing Christmas carols and people decorating their trees.
She decides to take the train since she has her OMNY card with her. She reaches Holy Child Jesus Catholic Academy to take the J train inside the music teacher’s closet.
She waits for the train and when it arrives she takes it a couple of stops to Forest Park station. She gets off and makes her way down the jolly streets and sees the house where the party was.
“Hi!” exclaims some kid. He has a Christmas sweater, a bright pink Nike elite bag and a Christmas present in his hands. He looks at Rediet from toe to head, confused and almost disgusted. “Where is your Christmas attire?”
Rediet, so far enjoying the interaction because she is getting attention from men, is taken aback. She responds, “I had to wear Christmas stuff?” The guy begins to look at her in disgust.
“There’s children with terminal cancer inside. This is most likely their last Christmas and we wanted a big Christmas for them before they pass away. If you came you had to be jolly and bring at least one present. It was on the invite—can you even read? Rediet more like Redidot.”
Rediet ignores him and enters the house and sees a comically sized Christmas tree with a bunch of presents. She sees a bunch of shaved children. They all turn to look at her and start bawling their eyes out. One child screams, “OH MY GOD YOU’RE SO UGLY!” The children then shrivel up and explode cartoonishly. Only 10 children remain.
Rediet thinks nothing of it because this always happens when kids see her. She sees a person in a Santa costume and another in a Grinch costume. She decides to get a Christmas cookie.
As she tries to leave the boring party, someone in Christmas pajamas stops her, furious. He throws a piece of wrapping paper at her saying, “This is for the children.”
Rediet runs into the street, screams at a pigeon, slips on ice, and badly injures herself. Delirious and bleeding, she tries to reach the train station. It's 2 AM.
She hears stomping behind her—the Grinch costume guy sprinting full speed. “I’m going to beat you up… for the children of course,” he shouts.
Rediet runs but is grabbed and slammed onto the ground. The Grinch pulls out a Hoohash can.
Just as things get worse, Santa arrives and stops him.
It is then revealed: Santa is actually her biology teacher, Mr. Demarco.
© 2024 Rediet’s Chaotic Christmas Story