```html
Winter Story
Winter Story
By Natalie Drozd
It was winter break, and my friend and I decided to go skiing. So, we made our way to the ski resort. It was snowing, and the resort was pretty empty, which was great because there were no lines. We grabbed our skis from the stand, got on the lift, and started talking.
“I’m so excited, I haven’t been skiing since last year.”  
    “Same, last time I went was in February.”  
    “I hate winter, skiing is the only thing to look forward to.”  
    “Yeah, I agree.”
Then we made it to the top and tried to decide which slope to go down. I wanted to take it easy on our first run of the year, but Emilia wanted to go on one of the hardest ones. I told her I wasn’t going, but after a few minutes she persuaded me, and I realized I might as well go. So we started to walk to the one we wanted to go to and began our run.
“This is so fun!”  
    “Yeah, I forgot how much I miss skiing!”
It was snowing hard so it was a bit difficult to see, but everything was still going well. I turned to tell Emilia something, and she looked at me too. With the heavy snow and both of us not looking ahead, we missed a turn and went straight into the forest! We both tumbled into the snow.
“Are you okay?”  
    “Yeah, are you?”  
    “Yes, but which direction did we come from?”
Now we had a bigger issue than falling. We started panicking until I had an idea. “I’ll just call my sister and ask her to come down and help us.” I took out my phone and… “No Service” ran across my screen. We had no choice but to start looking. We began to walk in a direction, not knowing if it was the right one. We walked for what felt like an eternity and still had no clue where we were. Until— “What’s that?” We saw something in the distance.
“Is that a… door?” We walked closer and discovered it was a pink door in the snowy forest.
“Let’s just open it, who knows, maybe it’s some magical portal.”  
    “Come on, we don’t have time for this. Do you want to find our way back or not?”  
    “You’re so boring, you never want to do anything.”  
    “Fine, open it. I don’t care.”
I started to walk away, annoyed by her ridiculous ideas when we should have been trying to get back. “Natalia!” I heard from behind me. I ignored her, but then she called again, “Natalia, come quick! I knew it was something.” I sighed in annoyance and turned around. I looked at the door—behind it was a winter wonderland. “That can’t be right.” I wiped my eyes and looked again. It was still there.
“Should we go in?”  
    “No, that’s too risky. You never know.”
Then Emilia ran through the door into the wonderland. I had no choice but to run after her. As we stepped inside, we were suddenly surrounded by a shimmering winter world.
“OMG, this is so cool!”  
    “Yeah, it almost looks like the North Pole!”
We walked through the wonderland, seeing elves all around. We explored the magical place in awe.
“As amazing as this place is, we should start to get back soon,” I said.  
    “Yeah, I guess.”
We asked an elf for directions, and he smiled and pointed us toward a building. We were confused since we had asked how to leave, but we still went. We stepped into the building and saw someone. It was the first person we’d seen here who wasn’t an elf. As we got closer… it was Santa!
I stood there in shock while Emilia ran up. I already knew what she was going to ask. “Can I please get a dog for Christmas?” she begged. Emilia had wanted a dog for so long, so she took this as her chance. “Of course you can get a dog! But you must do a small favor.”  
    “Of course I can!”
“I have been seeing that this year there is not nearly enough Christmas spirit. Do you think you can help me with that?” Santa asked.  
    “Yes, I can do that!”
Then I chimed in, “Okay, this is great, but how can we get back?”  
    Santa smiled at me. “Help me restore the Christmas spirit, and the door will guide you home.”
I crossed my arms. I had never been the type to be full of Christmas spirit. Emilia came up,  
    “Please, Natalia. It’s the only way, and it might even be fun.”  
    I rolled my eyes. “Fine.”
Santa led us to a giant Christmas tree in the center of the village. You would assume it would be glowing and sparkling, but the lights were broken and flickering and half the ornaments were missing. “All it needs is some real Christmas cheer,” Santa said.
So, we got to work. Elves handed us boxes of ornaments and strings of lights. Emilia hummed Christmas songs while I just did what was asked. I hung my ornaments slowly, mostly because I was freezing. But the longer we worked, the brighter the tree glowed. The elves seemed happier, and I even started to feel some cheer. When we placed the star at the top of the tree, it glowed brilliantly and the spirit filled the air.
“You did it,” Santa said.  
    Emilia grinned. “So when do I get my dog?”  
    “You’ll get your dog,” Santa said, laughing.
“Can we go home now?” I asked.  
    “Of course,” he said. “The door is ready.”
He led us back to the pink door. It glowed softly.  
    “Thank you,” he said.
Emilia smiled and asked, “Are you ready to go back?”  
    “Yeah.”
We stepped through and ended up right back in the forest. The ski trail was visible through the trees now. We made it back to the resort, exhausted. When we got home, I immediately plopped onto my bed. Suddenly, my phone buzzed. I opened the message and saw a photo of a dog—sent by Emilia.
```