Unreflected
Unreflected
The cold windy forest breaks into a quaint cabin that houses a small family of three. Farther down from that holds the Central City surrounded by mountains and hills. Bright lights dangle along the streetlights within the city. Christmas is always celebrated in the city despite the seemingly eternal winter everywhere else. Watching from the small cabin was a man, the father and husband of the family. The lights and warm atmosphere radiates off the paved streets from far away and reflects in his pupils. After giving one last sorrowful passing glance, the man walks into his cabin.
He’s an ice fisher who only profits from his game. Fortunately, there’s a rather large lake that resides a few feet within the start of the forest. Unfortunately, this is his only source of income, which makes little to no change to his current state. His dreams of being accepted into the Central City is nearly impossible. Adding onto a rather cruel fate is his hatred for winter. This only fuels his motivation to one day make enough to enter the Central City. Though, if he cannot do so in his lifetime, he fully assumes his son will. Giving the little one a present for Christmas may influence wanting more privileges.
Day 1.
Amaia, the ice fisher’s wife, awoke to her husband leaving for the day. Without much to pass her own time with if it’s not with her son, Amaia usually tends to a vase of flowers. The little vase holds brugmansias and daturas, her favorites. They can be more vaguely called nightshades. Other than these flowers, Amaia will spend her hours meditating and performing breathing exercises. There truly was not much she can do in this household.
A hole was dug into the ice. Filling the quota for the day was his main goal. Extra catches to buy a present should be constantly considered. It was more tiring, so he would likely need more rest at home. It was worth doing for his son. But the extra work may be too much. Awkward sounds of whispering drifted along every once in a while. Random noises conjured by the wind should be normal, though.
Day 2.
The ice fisher awoke after the next day. Sleeping yesterday and for a few following days may be groggy from overwork. The small vase of flowers on his nightstand had brought discomfort everyday from a strange angle. Amaia had insisted it’d be on his nightstand instead of her own. It was really only a small matter that started a few weeks ago. There isn’t much to criticize since it was merely flowers.
A new hole was dug into a different spot. He wondered if needing to catch extra fish would exceed a week. Rumors from nearby cabins say the winter solstice will be in a few days. More precisely, it would be in 3 days. Having little sunlight wasn’t nice. Keeping track of things like that was also useless if you aren’t part of the Central City. Finishing the extra work within those days would be ideal. While thinking, the ice fisher heard several branches fall continuously, yet none were within his vision. The noises of branches didn’t stop for a prolonged period. Branches falling in the forest should be normal, though.
Day 3.
Amaia was sat caring for her son while her husband left. It was a mundane way to live, but she liked it. Amaia looked at her son with adoration. He should also like to live the same way as her. Amaia never tended to her nightshades while taking care of him. All her attention should be focused on the little one when he’s awake and in her proximity.
A hole was dug once again. This time slightly farther. More fish should be caught when the water is not as shallow. When looking back, the cabin is within view. A distance this far isn’t dangerous at all if he can still see it. In the now tiny window, the ice fisher can see his wife and son happily together. She seems to be staring towards him. Maybe she’s watching to check on his progress. He continues to fish, but then notices a large clearing in the distance. Large animals do live here, so trees may be broken every once in a while, even if the stump is missing. Missing trees and tree stumps should be normal, though.
Day 4.
Amaia made a small cup of tea for her husband. Usually she only makes supper and never anything in the morning. Out of consideration, Amaia wished her husband would certainly have a nice day. The tea should feel uplifting and help with his work. She looks outside from the same window as yesterday. Her son is asleep and not with her. Unlike what was said, it’s the winter solstice today. Rumors aren’t always true.
He went up to the frozen lake. The ice fisher took a glance back to his cabin. The cabin was incredibly close. It was muscle memory to walk a certain distance every day. Maybe the tired nights caused him to misjudge. He walked farther.
After taking another glance back, the ice fisher assessed that he was at the normal distance. A few more minutes of walking should take him to the spot from yesterday. Usually he wouldn’t go deeper as it took longer to leave, but the extra catches that were possible yesterday was enough to convince him. As he made his way, something odd stood out. His reflection from the lake couldn’t keep up. That wasn’t normal, though.
Feeling strange at the peculiar sight, he glanced at his cabin. The ice fisher saw Amaia tending her flowers. The cabin was gone. Confused, the ice fisher fully focused this time. Even his wife was no longer there anymore. Having become more disoriented now, he looked around. The trees and their stumps around him were all gone. His reflection below him slowly followed the erratic movements he made. The initial surprise was gone. He started panicking.
The urge to run took priority over other thoughts. A state of panic wouldn’t allow for collected thoughts to arise. Having no idea what was happening, the ice fisher simply ran. His blurred vision caused even more panic. Suddenly, as if he passed out and immediately woke up, he opened his eyes. There was no snow. It was a field of flowers. Flowers don’t grow in winter. A warm air swept past his face. It wasn’t cold. It wasn’t winter anymore. It wasn’t his home anymore. He wouldn’t be able to find his wife or son. The ice fisher truly hated winter, but was now experiencing summer. This isn’t normal, though, but maybe he wanted it to be.
A Day.
Keeping track of days isn’t very necessary anymore. Amaia was teaching her son various things to know as an adult. He’s only so young, so he will likely not retain any of it. Remembering stuff now was not a large problem. Her son had a surplus amount of time in the future to learn how to live like her.
Amaia’s nightshades have withered and died. She stopped caring for them. They were never fit for frosty climates anyways. The dead flowers were buried far from her cabin. The flowers would likely decompose and become a distant memory.
Caring and studying flowers is absurd for anyone not in the Central City. Having four seasons meant it made more sense to do so in the Central City. Those interested sometimes went to the outskirts to collect and share to those who would listen. This is how various useless information could be passed around, and sometimes changed, to other cabins. One of the many pieces of information was how brugmansias and daturas caused hallucinations from consumption or smelling it. That was probably a rumor anyways.
Maybe rumors can cause domino effects. There was a little boy who lived in a cabin on a hill. He was promised a present by his father. He never got it. Not fulfilling such promises should be normal, though.